Phu Tho is a midland province in the Northern of Vietnam with nature land area at 3,532km2, of which 97,610 ha are agricultural land, 200,000 ha of forest land including 64,064 ha of natural forest, 10,000 ha of water surface for aquaculture and other land.
The province plays as a northwest gate of Hanoi capital, is 50 kilometers distance from He kou international border gate (between Lao Cai - Vietnam and Yunnan - China). This province is the center of the region and is the meeting point of three large rivers (Da river, Red river and Lo river), so it makes Phu Tho favorable traffic system on land, railway and by water. This foundation makes strong potential for economic development and exchange with the other economic regions of both domestic and other nations.
Phu Tho is well known as the cradle of civilization of Lac Viet culture - the center land of Viet ancient people - era Hung Kings - Van Lang country.
Passing thousand years of history, this land still preserves a relic system remarks the foundation of the country. There are more than 1,372 historical monuments of culture (of which, Hung temple is a special national monument), and 223 folk festivals, and specific arts (specially, "Xoan Singing of Phu Tho province" - the intangible cultural heritage in need of urgent safeguarding and Hung Kings Worship and Belief in Phu Tho - the intangible cultural heritage representative of humanity have been recognized by UNESCO in 2011 and 2012).
Phu Tho is also famous for well-known tourist attractions including Xuan Son National Park (with system of interesting caverns and caves, diversified plants and animals), Thanh Thuy hot mineral water site with huge capacity for health care, Ao Chau and Van Hoi lagoon, Ao Gioi - Suoi Tien (God Pond - Fairy spring), ect.
In order to exploit all potentials and strengthens on tourism, Phu Tho made a planning of tourism development in term from 2011 - 2015 and orientation to 2030 and encourages  both domestic and international investors on developing tourism of culture and original spirit, ecological - beauty of nature tourism, tourism of resorts and health care, ect.
Phu Tho province warmly welcomes and will be your companion in the investment process.
Project's name: Investing to build Southern Hung King temple Tourism and Service area
Location: At Hung King temple historical monument - Viet Tri city - Phu Tno province.
Description: under the project's planning, the project is executed on total land area at 235.026 ha, including two functional areas:
Hung King culture tourism village: 80.02 ha including following work items
Reception area, technical infrastructure and common works; total land area for building is at 28.69 ha; building area is at 21352m2
Area for building of patriotic-war-dead memorial: total land area for building is at 5.91 ha; building area is at 7000m2
Area for Hung King culture and exhibition: total land area for building is at 45.42 ha; building area is at 48523m2
Forest at the South: 1 55.01 ha, including:
Reception area and supplying common service; total land area for building is at 6.54 ha; building area is at 13900m2
Forest of odd and strange flowers and plants: total land area for building is at 14.09 ha; building area is at 16.167m2
Mountainous and beautiful view area: total land area for building is at 34.55 ha; building area is at 22.142m2.
Guest houses with future houses: total land area for building is at 36.12 ha; building area is at 38.136m2.
Complex area of service and forest structure with season color changing: total land area for building is at 26.38 ha; building area is at 37.283m2.
Area of Project management Unit and common works: total land area for building is at 37.32 ha; building area is at 23.839m2
Project's name: Investing to build Van Lang tourism area
Location: Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Description: under the project's planning, the project is executed on total land area at 116.2 ha, including 13 Functional areas:
Lac Long Quan - Au Co area: 6.64 ha; including works: Gate, water shops, souvenir shops, water palace, Mrs.Au Co statue, statues of 54 ethnics of Vietnam, house for rest, WC, and parking.
Son Tlnh - Thuy Tinh area: 2.55ha, including works and items: gate, upper floor for choosing son-in-law, house for taking photograph, bonsai pool, house for rest, statues of gifts (elephant with 9 ivories, chicken with 9 spurs), ventilation booth houses, restaurant of fish, car parking, tower of fishing.
Area for legend of Hung King era: 5.25 ha, including items and works: Area of piper bithe and areca-nut history, magic rice history, Chung - Day cake history, WC, car  parking.
Area of Tien Dung - Chu Dong Tu island: 0.62 ha, including works and building: Tien Dung - Chu Dong Tu palace.
Island of Mai An Hem: 0.21 ha
Area of culture and art performance: 2.03ha including works and items: communal house of Hung King, other auxiliaries works as Xoan singing performance area, service house, statue of Miss.Que Hoa, flower house, tower of rest, car parking.
Area for teenagers: 1.99ha, including works and items: Square for entertainment, Giong hero statue, area for camping, clubs of teenagers.
Green tree and landscape: 15.19 ha
Public service area: 2.33ha; including works of management house, Van Lang bookstore, Souvenir shops, flower shop, house for taking photograph, house for fine arts  exhibition.
Area of food: 1 .36ha including: Drinking and ice cream shop, boathouse, small hotel (two floors), and small restaurants.
Controlling area: 0.26ha
Water surface: 64.30ha including bonsai pool with fish, row.
Car parking: 1 ,77ha including management house, hall, kiots , house for guardians.
Project's name: Investing to build Thanh Thuy mineral hot water tourism area
Location: Thanh Thuy district - Phu Tho province
Description: under the project's planning, the project Is executed on total land area at 4772.54 ha, including 9 functional areas:
Center of culture, sport, entertainment, and trade: 327.70 ha (Thach Khoan, La Phu, Son Thuy, Bao Yen, Doan Ha communes).
Tourism area as special: 04.01 ha (La Phu, Son Thuy)
Villas and resorts: 89ha (Thach Khoan, La Phu)
Area of mineral hot wafer washing and product (ram nature: 41.56 ha (Son Thuy commune)
Area of ecology tourism and golf: 843.70 ha (La Phu, Son Thuy, Bao Yen)
Area of cinema: 410.46 ha (Thach Khoan - La Phu)
Resident area and new urban area: 303.29ha (Thach Khoan, La Phu, Son Thuy, Bao Yen, Doan Ha).
Area of infrastructure, management, and production of mineral water bottles and common works: 131.94ha (Thach Khoan, La Phu, Son Thuy, Bao Yen, Doan Ha).
Buffer areas to maintain sites and protect water resources, rural areas and afforest: 2075.36ha (Thach Khoan, La Phu, Son Thuy, Bao Yen, Doan Ha).
Project's name: Investment to build Toursim area of Xuan Son National park
Location: Xuan Son National park, Tan Son district, Phu Tho province
Description: under the project, total land area for building is at 43.791, including 4 functional areas:
Tourism area of creature and landscape (core area of Xuan Son national park) with total area at 15890.45ha.
Including all area of Xuan Son commune, a part of Tan Phu, Dong Son, Lai Dong, Tan Son, Xuan Dai and Kim Thuong communes.
Area of tourism, service, and trade of Thach Kiet -Tan Phu is 7,056.49 ha consists of all area of Tan Phu, Thach Kiet, Xuan Dai communes.
Area of urban, culture, and sport of Minh Dal -land area at 4364.75 ha including Minh Dai and Van Luong communes.
Farms and feeding semi-wife animal with total 15402.18ha including a land part of Dong Son, Kiet Son, Tan Son, Xuan Dai, Thuong communes.
Project's name: Investing to build Ao Chau lagoon tourism area
Locations: Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province
Decision of planning: No.: 3522/QD-UB dated 15th October 2001 Phu Tho provincial People's Committee on approving the general planning of Ao Chau lagoon  tourism area, Ha Hoa district.
Descriptions: under the projects planning, the project is executed on total land area at 1500 ha (of which 300 ha of water surface), including the followed functional areas:
Center of reception and tourism controlling: 15ha
The main guest house and hotel (2-3 stars): 7.5ha
Area of park with general entertainment: 18ha
Area of camping, fishing: 55ha
Guest house for common people: 60ha
Green park under each theam: 120 ha
Park with animal: 95ha
Green plant with landscape: 34.5ha
Area for resident for a long time: 33ha
Area for development reservation: 23ha
Traffic (road, bus station): 9ha
Route for tourism along lagoon and branches of the lagoon and lead to functional areas.
Protection forest and buffer area: 800ha
Au Co Mother temple is one of the national culture monument which last for more 5 centuries. And now this land is the original of Au Co Mother worship of Vietnam.
Au Co Mother temple has high value on architectural art. Festival of Au Co Mother temple has also much supernatural power in sprit of Vietnamese people.
The temple locates near to Ao Chau lagoon, Ao Gioi - Suoi Tien (Heaven pond - Fairly stream), Van Hoi lagoon, and places on the tourism route from Hung King temple - Au Co Mother Temple -Yen Bai province - Lao Cai province.
Phu Tho is mobilizing investment to build culture constructions and technical infrastructure for service of tourism and explode the tourism service of spirit and culture connected with beautiful landscape.
The historical monument - Lang Suong temple locates a Lang Suong hamlet, Trung Nghia commune, Thanh Thuy district, Phu Tho province; it is far from Thanh Thuy hot mineral water tourism area at 5km, and far from Ho Chi Minh historical monument (Chong rock - Ba Vi) at 3km and placed at the tourism route Thanh Thuy hot mineral water tourism area - Xuan Son national park.
This is nominal monument for worship of mother at North Delta and the worship of Tan Vien hero at Ba Vi mountain.
Lang Suong temple is planed as place of festival tourism with total area at 42.97m2, including functional places of culture, food, staying, and service.
Phu Tho is mobilizing investment to build technical infrastructure for service of tourism and explode Lang Suong temple for the tourism service of spirit and culture.
Phuc Co revolution base, Minh Hoa commune, Yen Lap district is one of five famous resistance bases of Phu Tho province at time of pre-revolution and this land is recognized as historical and cultural monument of the province.
In this land, the landscape is neglected with Long Chao stream with small falls, beautiful landscape. This land is good place for tourism investment with services of ecology, resort, traditional culture of Muong ethnic people.
Under the plan, cultural and historical monument - Phuc Co revolution base will connect with community ecology tourism with total area at 330ha with functional areas as magement, area for services of tourism -convalescence - entertainment with tourism tour of crossing fall.
Phu Tho is mobilizing investment to build culture constructions and technical infrastructure for service of tourism and explode the tourism service of culture, ecology and beautiful landscape, and convalescence.
May falls 9ets area at 800ha of Luoi Hai mountain, Huong Can commune, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province. This land is far from Viet Tri city at 60km on the southwest, and far from Thanh Thuy Hot mineral water tourism area at 20km on the West, near to highway 316 about 1km.
May fall area contains beautiful and wild landscape with primeval forest, projection forest, and fresh environment.
May falls contains 13 small and large falls with high fall which pour water into abyss and green and pure water. Along streams, rocks with many odd figure and forms which create wonderful land for tourism.
Phu Tho is mobilizing investment to change May fall as tourism service of ecology, beautiful landscape, and convalescence.
Mo Fall places at Cu Thang commune, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province. This land is far from Thanh Thuy Hot mineral water tourism area at 15km on the West, far from  Xuan Son National Part about 55km and, near to highway 316 about 3km.
Mo Fall is system of small falls, continuously. Specially, there is a 60m fall with vertical rock surface and the water pour on cobble with miraculous colors.
Along streams, rocks with many odd figure and forms which create wonderful land for tourism.
Phu Tho is mobilizing investment to change May fall as tourism service  of ecology.
Van Hoi lagoon places at Hien Luong commune, Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province. This land is far from Viet Tri about 80km, far from Au Co Mother temple (Ha Hoa district)  about 1 km, next to Hai Phong - Ha Noi - Con Minh highway and this project is near to Ngoi Van lagoon about 700m.
Van Hoi lagoon places on more 200ha of water surface and 40 islands with largest island, whose land ate is 10 ha of area.
The lagoon gets opening systems of water supplying and draining, so the water level of stable, water of the lagoon is pure and fresh.
Surrounding of the lagoon is system of mountains, hills, forest and it makes this land is poetic landscape.
Phu Tho is mobilizing investment to Van Hoi lagoon as tourism area of convalescence - and luxury entertainment.
Besides about projects, Phu Tho is encouraging investment on tourism project: hotel with 4-5 stars, project to build Heaven pond - Fairly stream (Ao Gioi - Suoi Tien) - Ha Hoa  province as tourism area of ecology; project to build Archaeological sites of Ca village, Mun hill, Ren hamlet as destination of culture tourism.
Incentives on land use
Investors have the right to select the appropriate location and land area to suit their project scale based on approved plan and the right to choose between assigning the  land with land usage fee and leasing the land under the current laws.
Investors are exempt from land lease fees from 3 to 15 years and enjoy a reduction of land lease fees from 20 to 50% depending on types of projects and investment locations in accordance with Decree No.: 142/2005/ND-CP dated 14th November 2005; the Decree No.: 121/2010/ND-CP dated 30th December 2010.
Investment projects on infrastructure of industrial zones shall receive support at 10% of land rent.
Tax incentives policies:
Incentive beneficiaries: investors in the province are entitled to incentives according to investment sectors and locations as provided by Decree No 108/2006/ND-CP dated 22nd September, 2006 by the Government to issue detailed instructions for the implementation of certain clauses and provisions of the Law on Investment.
Incentives on enterprise income tax, import tax are defined in Investment Law, Import Export Tax Law, Decree No 124/2008/ ND-CP dated December 11th, 2008;  Decree No 149/2005/ ND-CP dated December 8th, 2005 and current regulations remaining in force at the time of the project.
Investors shall be entitled 10% to 20% of reduction of tax rates for 10 to 30 years according to types of project and investment locations. Investors shall be enjoyed tax holiday from 2 to 4 years and 50% reduction of tax rates in the next 4 to 9 years depending on types of projects and investment location.
Investor shall be exempted from import and export tax for create fixed asset of investment project in accordance with approved lists and regulation current in force.
Other incentives policies:
Received provision of power and water supply to the boundary of the project.
Gained support for road construction to the boundary of the industrial zones on scale depending on kind of project and area of investment but shorter than 3km.
Exempted from infrastructure fees during construction period (which does not exceed a maximum of 3 years) for the special incentive project; and exempted all with the project on public service in industrial zones.
The special important projects for the province shall be considered for special support policies.
Provided free of charge with documents relating to the project.
Exempted from administrative fees required for project application with project licensed by the province.
Exempted for fees for participation in investment and trade promotion conference organized in the province.
Exempted from contribution fees for the province when joining the province's team to attend other investment promotion event.
Administrative procedure for receiving investment project.
Phu Tho provincial People's Committee promulgated "One door" for all projects In Phu Tho with quick, dear, effective procedure. It reduces Inconvenient, cost, and time of Investors.
Investor shall prepare documents and submit at one of two main doors:
Department of Investment and Planning (for projects outside of Industrial zone)
Industrial Zones Management Board (for projects within Industrial zone).
Investment approval procedures:
Types of documents:
Application for Investment Approval Award by Investor.
Summary of Investment project.
Recipient Agency and processing duration:
Department of Investment and Planning ( evaluation and recommendation)
Duration: within 07 working days.
Phu Tho People's Committee (consideration for approval)
Duration: within 02 working days.
Investment Certificate Procedure:
Types of documents:
Location acceptance Permit (approved)
Investment Approval Award by the Province's People committee
Investment project report and other related documents (if any)
Environmental assessment report (or commitment for environmental protection) - approved
Request for Investment Certificate Issuance
Recipient Agency and processing duration:
Department of Investment and Planning ( evaluation and recommendation)
Duration: within 15 working days.
Phu Tho People's Committee (consideration for approval)
Duration: within 02 working days.
Procedure of establishment of enterprises, branches, representative offices
Types of documents:
Application (or notice on the establishment of branches, representative offices)
Identify card
Charter of company
Recipient Agency and processing duration:
Department of Investment and Planning ( consideration for Issuance)
Duration: within 05 working days.
Procedure of applying construction Permit
Documents consist:
Application for construction permit
Copy of document certifying of land use as a required by the Law on land
Blue prints of construction plan, cross section, typical vertical cut section, foundation plan, position plan, electricity and water plan with technical connection point for electricity, water and sewage system.
Recipient Agency and processing duration:
Department of Investment and Planning (receiving records and transfer to Construction Department)
Duration: within 02 working days.
Construction Department (consideration For Issuance) Duration: within 15 working days.
Office
Address: Tran Phu road, Tan Dan ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tex: +84-210 3 846 581
Fax: +84-210 3 840 955
Email: pitc.phutho@gmail.com
Website: www.dpi.phutho.gov.vn
Phu Tho Investment, Trade and Tourism Promotion Center (Investors supporting and consulting agency)
Address: Tran Phu road, Tan Dan ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tex: +84-210 3 993 689
Fax; +84 210 3 993 589
Email: ptic.phutho@gmail.com
Website: www.dpi.phutho.gov.vn
Division of Tourism Resource* Development 
Address: Tran Phu road, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tex: +84-210 3 686 979
Fax: +84-210 3 848 545
Email: tainguyendulichphutfio@gmail.com
PMU of Culture, Sport and Tourism
Address: Tran Phu road, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tex: +84-210 3 9.40 531.
Fax: +84-210 3 952 068
Lesson 1: Taking a Reservation Over the Phone
And when would you like the rooms?
Could you tell me the cost of a single room per night?
Certainly.
A single room is $120 American dollars, per night.
And when would you like the rooms?
From the 25th to the 28th of September.
Arriving on the 25th of September and leaving on the 28th?
Three nights?
That's right
Just a minute please.
Yes, we have rooms available then.
You require two single rooms?
Yes, thank you.
Can I have your name please?
My name is Mona White.
And your father's name, Ms White?
Could you spell the surname please?
Sure. W-E-double B-E-R
Double P for Papa?
No, double B for Bravo.
And how will you be paying for your room, Ms.White
By credit card.
Your card number please?
Double one, zero two?
No, double nine zero two.
And the expiry date?
Eleven…
Could you repeat that please?
November this year.
Thank you.
I've booked two rooms for Ms.White and Mr.Webber.
..from Wednesday the 25th to Saturday the 28th of September.
Thank you.
You're welcome…
We'll see you on the 25th, Ms.White.
Thanks a lot.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Lesson 3: Checking In
Good afternoon.
Can I help you?
Yes, we have a reservation for three nights.
Mona White.
I called last week.
One moment please, Ms.White.
Yes, that was for two single rooms, wasn't it?
I've reserved rooms 402 and 403 for you.
Are they quiet rooms?
Well they are facing the street... but there's a lovely view.
We'd like quiet rooms thanks.
Of course...
Good afternoon.
Can I help you?
I've reserved rooms 402 and 403 for you.
I can put you in rooms three-eleven and three-twelve.
They're at the rear of the hotel.
That's much better, thank you.
Yes, Dad?
I'd like a view.
Oh. Is there a view?
Not really.
Well, we want our rooms together.
Mona.
Yes, Dad?
I don't mind if our rooms aren't together.
I'd like a lovely view.
Oh.
I'll see what I can do.
I can put you in rooms three-eleven and three-twelve...
They're at the rear of the hotel.
At the front of the hotel.
At the rear of the hotel.
On the fourth floor.
in the lobby.
I can put you both on the same floor.
Room 305 with a view… and Room 311 at the rear.
Your father will be just opposite you, Ms.White.
Is that OK?
Oh, yes, that's fine.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
Could you just fill out this form please?
Now, can I help you with anything else?
Oh, yes, that's fine.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
Could you just fill out this form please?
Now, can I help you with anything else?
Is that OK?
Could you just fill out this form please?
Now, can I help you with anything else?
Yes, is there an alarm clock in the room?
Yes, there is.
And a kettle and tea?
Yes, there are tea-making facilities in every room.
And is there an iron?
I'll see to it right away.
Now, could I see your credit card please, Ms White?
There are cups in every room.
There's coffee in every room.
There's a lovely view.
There are people in room six-oh-four.
Yes, there are tea-making facilities in every room.
And is there an iron?
I'll see to it right away.
Now, could I see your credit card please, Ms.White?
Lesson 5: Making Recommendations.
Good evening, Ms White, Mr Webber.
Good evening, Leo.
We're going out for dinner now.
Could you recommend a good restaurant? One that's nearby?
The Golden Lotus is very close.
It's famous for its seafood.
But, if you like to listen to music while you're eating, I recommend the Pearl Garden Cabaret.
It's also within walking distance.
The Golden Lotus is very close.
Oh no, we'd like a quiet restaurant.
Then I suggest the Golden Lotus.
It's just two doors down, on the left.
Maybe we could go to the Pearl Garden tomorrow night.
Good evening.
Do you speak English?
Yes, I do.
Do you have a reservation?
No, we don’t
This way please.
Would you like to see a menu?
Yes, we would, thank you.
Can I get you anything to drink while you decide?
I'll have a light beer, thank you.
Local or imported?
Do you have Australian beer?
Yes, we do.
I'll have Australian thanks.
Just a bottle of water for me, thank you.
Certainly.
Is there a restaurant nearby?
Do you take credit card?
Will you leave on Sunday?
Your beer, Sir… and water for you, Madam.
Now, are you ready to order?
It all sounds so good.
What do you recommend?
The Crispy Fish is very popular.
It comes with a ginger sauce.
I'll have Crispy Fish then.
Is the Garlic Chicken very hot?
Yes, it is.
All the dishes in red are quite hot
Oh. Could I have the Garlic Chicken without the chillies?
Yes of course.
The Crispy Fish is very popular.
It's famous for its seafood.
Would you like any appetisers?
No, thank you.
But we'd like a plate of steamed vegetables with our meal.
Fine.
And would you like boiled or coconut rice with that?
Boiled please.
I'll have coconut rice please.
Fine.
Will there be anything else?
No, thank you.
Lesson Seven: In The Restaurant
Your Crispy Fish and your Garlic Chicken and vegetables.
Oh dear.
Is there a problem?
There seems to be some mistake.
I asked for no chillies.
This chicken has chillies.
Oh, yes.
I see.
I'm sorry.
I'll get you another one straight away.
Is there a problem?
I'll get you another one straight away.
I'll see to it right away.
There was a slight mix up in the kitchen.
We're very busy tonight.
Here's your Garlic Chicken without the chillies.
I apologise for any inconvenience.
No worries
Would you like anything else to drink?
No, thanks.
I'm right, thank you.
Oh yes, I see.
I'm sorry.
I apologise for any inconvenience.
Waiter, my meal is cold.
There's a fly in my soup.
My room is too noisy.
There's no phone in my room.
That was delicious, thank you.
I'm glad you liked it, Sir.
Now, would you like to see the dessert menu?
No, thanks.
Just the bill, thank you.
Would you like to see a menu?
Would you like any appetizers?
Would you like boiled or coconut rice with that?
Would you like to see the dessert menu?
Something to drink?
Would you like to order now?
Would you like to see a menu?
Would you like boiled or coconut rice with that?
Waitress, there seems to be some mistake.
Is there a problem?
I don't understand what this extra $2 is for.
Is it a tip?
Let me see.
Ah, that's for use of the towels.
The towels?
Yes, the cold towels.
I see.
Oh yes, they were lovely towels.
I'll just get your change.
You can keep the change.
Thank you, Sir.
That's for the extra coffee.
That's for corkage.
That's for the phone call to Australia.
Lesson Nine: Giving Directions
Good morning, Ms.White, Mr.Webber.
Good morning, Leo.
Hi, Leo.
Is there a major shopping centre nearby?
The Starlight Mall has over a hundred shops.
I'm sure you'll find what you want there.
How do we get there?
Well, turn right outside the hotel and left at the traffic lights.
Go straight up the street, cross at the next set of lights and turn right at the pink tower.
Oh dear, that's too hard to remember.
Well then, what about a taxi?
You can get one just outside the hotel.
I don't mind walking, Mona.
We turn right outside the hotel, Leo?
Yes, that's right.
Then left at the traffic lights.
Turn left?
That's right.
Then walk straight up the street (and...)
How long does it take to walk there?
It takes about 10 minutes.
Then let's get a cab, Dad.
Thanks anyway, Leo.
My pleasure.
How long is the drive to the city?
How long does the harbour cruise take?
How long does it take to get to the mountains?
Where to?
Do you speak English?
Just a little.
Starlight Shopping Centre please.
It's left at the traffic lights.
Don't worry, I know the way.
Where do you come from?
Australia.
Aaah! How long are you here for?
Three weeks.
Three weeks in the city?
No, we're going north on Saturday.
Where do you come from?
Well, here we are.
The Starlight Shopping Centre.
That was quick!
I'll get this, Dad.
That'll be $6.50.
The main entrance is over there... on the right.
What's your name, driver?
Joe.
Nice to meet you, Joe.
Nice to meet you, too.
Keep the change, Joe.
Thanks!
Bye.
Bye.
Hope you enjoy your stay!
Nice to meet you, Joe.
Nice to meet you, too.
That'll be $6.50.
Lesson Eleven. Shopping
Can I help you?
I'm just looking, thanks.
Excuse me.
Yes?
These shawls. How much are they in American dollars?
All of these prices are American dollars.
Oh. Why are they so expensive?
They're handmade.
And this one?
It's pure silk.
Hmm. Have you got one in purple?
I'll have a look… Yes, what about this one?
That's nice.
I'm just looking, thanks.
They're handmade.
It's pure silk.
Oh. And how much is this cotton one?
That's $12.50.
Have you got one in purple?
Yes, what about this one?
Have you got one in blue?
And how much is this cotton one?
Here you are.
Fifty-five dollars
That's twelve dollars 50.
Could I try the purple shawl again?
Yes, of course.
The silk feels better.
But it's so expensive.
Sorry this is taking so long
No problem.
Take your time.
Oh, that's nice!
That hat?
Yes.
Could I try it on?
Sure.
Here you are.
Oh, it's lovely.
How much is it?
It's $200.
I'll take it!
Fine! If you'll just follow me to the cashier.
Sorry this is taking so long.
No problem.
Take your time.
Fine! If you'll just follow me to the cashier.
That will be $200.
How will you be paying for that?
Credit card, thank you.
Could I have a box for it please?
Of course.
I'll see to it right away.
If you'll just sign here.
Sure.
Your receipt.
Thank you.
And your hat.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Bye.
How will you be paying for that?
If you'll just sign here.
Lesson Thirteen. The Tour Guide
Ms White, Mr Webber. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Leo. We're after a tour guide.
Yes, Leo. We want to make the most of our last day.
Can you recommend a good tour guide?
I can recommend Five Star Tours.
They're very popular.
We don't want a group though, Leo.
We want a private tour guide.
Oh! Well, there is someone I know of.
He's the best in the business.
You'll need him tomorrow?
Yes.
I'll see if he's available.
Excuse me for just a minute.
Ms White, Mr Webber. How can I help you this afternoon?
I can recommend Five Star Tours.
They're very popular.
He's the best in the business.
You're in luck.
He is available tomorrow.
Excellent.
When can we speak with him?
He can meet you today if you like.
Fine.
What time?
3 o'clock.
He said he can meet you here in the lobby.
What's his name, Leo?
Mr Le.
Thanks, Leo.
My pleasure.
He can meet you today if you like.
I'll see you at three o'clock.
I'll see you at half past three.
I'll see you at three fifteen.
I'll see you at a quarter past three.
I'll see you at a quarter to three.
Good afternoon.
Hi Leo.
Why are you wearing a different uniform?
And where is Mr.Le?
Let me introduce myself.
I am Mr.Le, your tour guide.
Leo, you're a tour guide?
But you're the hotel receptionist!
I also work for Five Star Tours.
I don't understand.
Please, let me explain.
I'm saving up to study hotel management in Australia.
So I work for Five Star Tours in my spare time.
Let me introduce myself.
I am Mr.Le. Your tour guide.
I'm still not sure about this.
Let me assure you, Ms White.
I have a tourism qualification and I've been doing this job for seven years.
But…
I know all the best tours in the city!
I'm sure you do, Leo.
We would love you to be our tour guide… wouldn't we, Mona?
I suppose so.
Thank you Ms.White, Mr.Webber.
Call me Jack.
Thank you, Jack.
Now, if you'll just follow me to the lounge.
I have some brochures to show you.
Let me assure you, Ms.White.
I have a tourism qualification…and I've been doing this job for seven years
Let me assure you, the fish is fresh today.
Let me assure you, the police have been called.
Now, if you'll just follow me to the lounge.
Lesson Fifteen: discussing a tour
Now, what did you have in mind?
A full day tour?
Yes.
The zoo looks good.
I love animals.
But we can go to the zoo anywhere, Mona.
Leo, what's something we can only see in this city?
Well, you're in luck.
The Lantern Festival parade is on tomorrow.
It's very colourful.
Is it near the harbour?
I'd love to see the harbour.
We have harbours in Australia, Mona.
Now, what did you have in mind?
The Lantern Festival parade is on tomorrow.
Perhaps this will interest you.
It's a dolphin watch harbour cruise.
How much will that set us back, Leo?
As you can see, the price is very reasonable.
Oh this looks good.
It's going to be fine and sunny tomorrow.
Perfect for a cruise.
I think I'd like to see the parade.
You can do both!
The cruise takes four hours and the parade doesn't start until after sunset.
Sounds good to me.
Perhaps this will interest you.
How much will that set us back, Leo?
As you can see, the price is very reasonable.
Fine and sunny.
It's going to be fine and sunny.
Warm and sunny.
It's going to be warm and sunny.
Perfect.
It's perfect for a cruise.
It's perfect for a picnic.
Colourful.
It's very colourful.
All right. Let's go over our itinerary.
We'll take the morning cruise and then have lunch at the quay.
After that, we can visit the temples or you can come back and rest, depending on how you feel.
Yes, let's play that by ear.
At six we'll have a traditional dinner and then go to the parade.
Excellent.
What time should we start out?
We should leave the hotel at about 7.30.
Don't forget to bring your camera and it's a good idea to wear warm clothes.
It can get quite chilly on the ferry.
Don't forget to bring your camera… and it's a good idea to wear warm clothes.
Should we take any food?
There's a kiosk on the ferry but I can ask the kitchen to make up something to take with you if you prefer.
Thanks Leo, some sandwiches would be great.
I'll make the arrangements now.
See you in the lobby at 7.30.
Yes, see you then, Leo.
If you prefer.
Or you can take a taxi if you prefer.
Depending on how you feel.
Or you can take a taxi, depending on how you feel.
I'll make the arrangements.
What time will we start out?
Lesson Seventeen: Out on the Ferry
Just follow me.
Where would you like to sit?
Inside or outside?
Where do you recommend?
Outside.
There's a much better view.
Watch your step.
Be careful of the ropes.
What about here?
This looks fine.
Are you comfortable, Ms.White?
Fine, thanks.
Can I get you anything?
I'm right, thanks.
Watch your step.
Be careful of the ropes.
Are you comfortable, Ms.White?
Can I get you anything?
Over there, on the left you can see the Colonial quarter.
And what's that over there?
That's where they have the night market.
If you look up there, on the right, youcan see the botanic gardens.
That's where we'll go tonight.
We'll have a clear view of the full moon.
Over there, on the left, you can see the Colonial quarter.
If you look up there, on the right, you can see the botanic gardens.
Up there on the right.
Up there on the right, you can see the gardens
Over on the left.
Over on the left, you can see the market.
If you look up there.
If you look up there, you can see the market.
That's where they have the night market.
That's where we'll go tonight.
That's where the President lives.
That's where the festival is held.
That's where the monks pray.
Here, try this.
What's in it?
It's moon cake.
No, I asked what's in it?
Oh, sorry, I misunderstood.
It has walnuts, sesame seeds and egg yolks in it.
Thanks, Leo.
It's delicious.
It's tranditional.
Hmmm. Yes, very nice.
Here, try this.
What's in it?
It's moon cake.
No, I asked what's in it?
Oh, sorry, I misunderstood.
That's a beautiful hat, Ms.White.
Thank you.
I bought it yesterday.
I'm going to wear it to the Melbourne Cup.
Have you heard of that?
Yes, it's a very famous horse race.
Careful!
My hat!
There it goes.
That hat cost $200!
Oh well!
Look over there, Dad.
Is that a dolphin in the water?
Man overboard!
No, Mona.
That's Leo.
He's trying to save your hat!
Lesson Nineteen. At the Festival
Thank you for saving my hat today, Leo.
My pleasure.
You were very brave.
It was nothing, really.
Now, if we get separated we'll meet back here.
At the gate?
Yes.
Now these are for you.
Lanterns!
Yes. Yours is a butterfly.
Oh, it's pretty.
It represents longevity.
And yours is a crab, Jack.. It's said to be the symbol of the emperor.
And what’s yours, Leo?
Mine's a lobster.
A symbol of fun.
Now, if we get separated…
…we'll meet back here.
It represents longevity.
And yours is a crab, Jack.
It's said to be the symbol of the emperor.
And what’s yours, Leo?
Mine's a lobster.
A symbol of fun.
So the festival happens on the full moon?
Yes.
It's a time for families to get together.
And what about your family, Leo?
My parents live in a village a long way from here.
I mean your wife and kids!
Oh, I'm not married.
Oh really?
Excuse me, Mona, Leo?
… That's interesting!
Mona, I think I might walk down to the beach.
Tell me about the moon, Leo.
Well, the legend goes…that there's an old man on the moon…
Tell me about the moon, Leo.
Well, the legend goes that there's an old man on the moon who has the names of all the newborn babies.
He knows who will marry whom.
Look around you.
People are making wishes to him.
It's said that he will grant your wish.
Really? That's interesting.
Oh, Leo, I'm sorry I have been so rude to you.
Not at all.
No, I have been rude.
You've been patient and wise and brave
It's nice of you to say so.
Well, the legend goes that there's an old man on the moon…
who has the names of all the newborn babies.
He knows who will marry whom.
Look at the lanterns.
They're so pretty.
What do you think, Dad?
Dad?
Leo, where's my father?
Your father
I can't see him anywhere.
Why weren't you watching?
Excuse me!
He's not here!
We must call the police.
That may not be necessary.
Your father is a very smart man, Ms.White.
I'm sure he knows his way back.
Let's check the hotel first.
Lesson 21: Dealing with a situation
Excuse me, Justine?
Ms.White, from Room 311, would like to speak to you.
Certainly. How can I help you, Ms.White?
My father is missing.
Your receptionist lost him!
We were at the festival and I'm sure he's dead!father is missing.
I can see this is very serious.
May I suggest you come to my office?
I don't want to go anywhere.
I want to find my father. He's been missing for hours!
It must be very upsetting for you, Ms.White.
May I suggest you come to my office?
I can see this is very serious.
It must be very upsetting for you, Ms.White.
Let me see if I understand you clearly.
You were at the festival with your father?
Yes, and Leo.
Leo?
I was their tour guide.
I see.
So what you are saying is that you were separated from your father?
Yes.
Had you arranged a meeting place, Leo?
Yes I had.
But that's where we were standing when we lost him.
Is your father elderly, Ms.White?
Is he frail?
Not at all!
Well, he is over fifty.
And how long has he been missing?
Nearly an hour!
I see.
Let me see if I understand you clearly.
So what you are saying is that you were separated
And you've checked your father's room?
Yes. There's no answer.
Ms. White, is it possible that your father is making his own way back?
I don't know.
I would like you to call the police.
That won't be necessary.
Dad, where have you been?
I went down to the beach.
I said goodbye, but you were too busy talking to Leo.
And you are Ms.White's father?
Yes.
Jack Webber, this is Justine, the manager.
Ms. White, is it possible that your father is making his own way back?
Excuse me, Justine?
Ms White, from Room 311, would like to speak to you.
Justine, I'm sorry if I caused any trouble.
Can I just say that you have a very good worker in Leo.
He's been more than helpful.
Hasn't he, Mona?
Oh, I'm sorry I blamed you, Leo but I was very upset.
Maybe, we should all go to the lounge and calm down.
Thank you for your kind invitation, Ms.White, but I must go home now.
And I must go to the Pearl Garden Cabaret.
I'll see you in the morning, Mona!
Oh!
Good night, Ms.White!
Maybe, we should all go to the lounge and calm down.
Thank you for your kind invitation, Ms.White, but I must go home now.
Justine, I'm sorry if I caused any trouble.
Can I just say that you have a very good worker in Leo.
He's been more than helpful.
Hasn't he, Mona?
Oh, I'm sorry I blamed you, Leo but I was very upset.
Maybe, we should all go to the lounge and calm down.
Thank you for your kind invitation, Ms.White, but I must go home now.
And I must go to the Pearl Garden Cabaret.
I'll see you in the morning, Mona!
Lesson 23: Checking Out
Good morning, Ms.White, Mr.Webber.
Good morning, Leo. Mona and I are checking out this morning.
Yes.
We're going to the mountains.
They're a long way from here.
Excellent.
Could I have your keys please?
Two single rooms for three nights.
Will you be paying separately?
No, we're paying on the one card.
Fine.
I'll just print up your invoices.
While you're waiting, would you mind filling out this client satisfaction survey?
Will you be paying separately?
Fine. I'll just print up your invoices.
We're going hiking.
Yes. We're going to the mountains.
Here are your invoices.
Do you need a minute to look over them?
Yes, thanks Leo.
Oh, this isn't right.
Leo, this laundry bill seems too much.
Let me see.
Hmm.
That's for emergency dry cleaning.
I can't remember any dry cleaning.
Repairs to your hat, Ms White.
Sixty dollars?
It was cleaned at very short notice and on a holiday.
However, I can query it if you like.
No, that's OK.
Here are your invoices.
Do you need a minute to look over them?
However, I can query it if you like.
Leo, I have a query.
This amount, under newspapers.
Ah yes.
I see the problem.
You've been charged for the local newspaper.
But Leo, I never ordered a local paper.
I can't read Vietnamese you see.
You're quite right.
I'm terribly sorry about that.
I'll fix it right away…
There, problem fixed.
Thanks.
You're quite right.
I'm terribly sorry about that.
I'll fix it right away.
There, problem fixed.
Now, Ms.White, if you'll just sign here.
Will you be requiring a taxi?
It's fine, Leo. We'll get one outside.
Well, I hope you've enjoyed your stay
Thanks, Leo.
Here's my card.
When you come to study in Melbourne, you're welcome to call.
We'll show you some of the tourist sights.
That's a very kind offer, Jack.
I might do that.
Thanks for everything.
Bye.
Goodbye Jack.
Enjoy your trip.
Leo, there is one other thing.
Yes?
Thanks for all your help.
It was my pleasure.
Goodbye, Ms.White.
Have a pleasant trip.
Lesson 26: A Job Interview
Come in, Bob.
I'm Justine Asker, the manager.
You can call me Justine.
Pleased to meet you.
Sit down.
Firstly, Bob, can I ask which job you are applying for?
I'm applying for the receptionist position.
I see that you have a diploma in Hospitality.
Have you done any front desk work before?
I have work experience in front desk.
You have my supervisor's report there.
This will be my first paid position.
And why do you want to work at the Plaza Hotel?
Because it has a great reputation; not just for its service but as a good place to work.
I'm glad to hear it.
Come in, Bob.
I'm Justine Asker, the manager.
You can call me Justine.
Sit down.
Firstly, Bob, can I ask which job you are applying for?
I'm applying for the receptionist position.
I see that you have a Diploma in Hospitality.
Have you done any front desk work before?
I have work experience in front desk.
You have my supervisor's report there.
This will be my first paid position.
And why do you want to work at the Plaza Hotel?
Because it has a great reputation; not just for its service but as a good place to work.
Bob, what strengths do you think you would bring to the job?
Oh, ah.
I am patient and I've been told I put clients at ease.
Uh huh..
And what do you see as your weaknesses?
Do you mean, what am I not so good at?
Yes.
Well, I understand English much better than I speak it at the moment.
But I study at home and I look forward to learning more on the job.
Excellent.
Well, I understand English much better than I speak it at the moment.
But I study at home and I look forward to learning more on the job.
And what do you see as your weaknesses?
Do you mean, what am I not so good at?
Yes.
Now, Bob, I'm going to ask you a hypothetical question.
Would you compromise your own safety for the comfort of your guests?
Do you mean, like the Legendary Leo, who jumped into shark infested waters to save a guest's hat?
Something like that.
If I must.
I don't think you would be expected to show that level of enthusiasm, Bob.
Leo was an exceptional worker, but very impetuous.
In that case, I would make sure I know the health and safety requirements associated with my position and follow hotel procedures.
Very good.
Now, is there anything you would like to ask me?
Yes, I was wondering if anyone has heard what happened to Leo?
I mean questions relating to this position, Bob.
Oh, of course.
Um Yes, I would like to know if the hours of duty are flexible.
Yes, we have three shifts, and there is also overtime work available when we're very busy.
That's good.
I'm very impressed with your qualifications Bob.
We'll ring you and let you know the outcome tomorrow morning.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Life vest under your seat
Fasten seat belt while seated
ARCHITECTURAL SYMBOLS
The Palace's design reflects the ways in which its architect Ngô Viết Thụ took inspiration from his knowledge of symbolic concepts derived from Eastern philosophy.
The building's overall structural plan is a rendering of an ancient Ideogram , meaning 'good fortune'.
The front elevation's openings kõu, symbolise truthful speech.
The placing of the flagstaff zhõng, symbolises 'unswerving fidelity'.
Three horizontal strokes illustrated by the roofing, fâcde and canopy sãn, symbolise the mystical triad humanity, wisdom and firmness of purpwe.
The three strokes united by a vertical with the flag situated above forms a character zhũ, signifying the power of the head of state.
The lines along the fâcde xìng, signify ‘prosperity’.
INDEPENDENCE PALACE
Declared a National Site in 1076, then Special National Site in 2009, the Independence Palace, which was first opened to the public in 1990, has been the scene of many of the most important and dramatic events in Viet Nam’s history.
Today’s Palace occupies the site of the former residence of the French colonial Governors General, designed by Achille-Antoine Hermitte and completed in 1871.
Following the 1945 Geneva Accords, the old structure, renamed Independence Palace, became the residence of the first President of the new Sai Gon Republic Ngo Dinh Diem, After a bomb attack on 27 February 1962, President Diem’s assassination in 1963.His successor Nguyen Van Thieu assumed the presidency in October 1967 and occupied the Palace until his abdication on 21 April 1975, when he has replaced by his Vice President Tran Van Huong, and then a week later by General Duong Van Minh.
On 30 April 1975, Liberation Forces antered the Palace grounds and raised the flag of liberation for the first time from its rooftop. General Duong Van Minh offerd his unconditional surrender. Victory had come. The liberation of the South had been achieved.
CABINET ROOM
The meetings held in this room induded sittings of the President and his minisfers.
By decree of President Thiệu in November 1967, the government consisted of the Prime Minister, 19 cabinet mintetefs and 7 deputy ministers.
From 1967 to 1975, there were 5 Cabinet reshuffles.
The longest was General Trln Thiện Khiêm, who remained in office for 6 years. The last serving cabinet and its Prime Minister Vũ Văn Mẫu were appointed on 29 April 1975 and were in the process of being formally presented to the President on 30 April at 10 am at the moment when radio Sàì Gòn was broadcasting President Dương Văn Minh’s statement of surrender confirming the end of hostilities and the transfer of power to the Provisional Revolutiomry Government of the Republic of South Việt Nam,
THE BOMBING OF THE PALACE
On 8 April 1975, an underground member of the Communist Party of Vietnam, Lieutenant Nguyễn Thành Trung, who had infiltrated the airforce of the Southern Republic, seized the opportunity provided by his assignment to fly a military mission to Phan Thiết.
Evading detection by the local control tower, Lt.Trung flew his F5E aircraft directly over Sài Gòn and succeeded in dropping two bombs on the Palace before landing at an improvised airstrip prepared by the Liberation Forces.
The helipad on the upper terrace of the Palace and the main central staircase were damaged in the attack, though they were subsequently repaired .
But this feat seriously undermined the republic's authority and prompted the US President to order the evacuation of the last of the Americans still in Sài Gòn.
CONFERENCE HALL
Receptions for as many as 500 guests were held in this room, which was also used for the installation of each new Cabinet.
At 19:30 on 21 April 1975, President Thiệu delivered his resignation speech ỉn this room: he spoke for over 2 hours about the country's situation in the wake of the Americans' decision to discontinue their support.
Vice President Trần Văn Hương then succeeded to the Presidency, pledging to continue the struggle “to the bitter end” He resigned just a week later, and was replaced by General Dương Văn Minh, from whom the revolutionary authorities received the formal declaration of surrender.
In November 1975, the Consultative Council for National Reunification used this room for its deliberations.
Today it is used for official receptions and other important events.
STATE BANQUETING HALL
State banquets with as many as 100 guests were held in this room.
One of the most notable such events was the inauguration dinner of President Nguyên Văn Thiệu and his Vice President Nguyễn Cao Kỳ on 31 October 1967.
The last State Dinner was held here by President Thiệu on 1 March 1975 for the us congressional delegation sent to report on the prospects for continued support for the southern government.
The room's gold colour scheme was intended to create a convivial atmosphere.
Its focal point is the massive painting in 7 sections by the Palace's architect Ngô Viết Thụ representing a scene from a poem in Chinese characters widely known and cherished as an evocation of national unity.
Its opening lines are "The land is as lovely as a length of brocade, all its growing thing's ripening in peace".
NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL CHAMBER
This room was used for meetings between the President and his senior officers and US advisers.
The walls are hung with maps documenting the war situation in the South.
On 25 March 1975 at 9:30am, faced with the continuing advance of the liberation forces, President Thiệu ordered his senior General Ngô Quang Trưởng to evacuate the city of Huế and mount a last-ditch defence at Đà Nẵng.
This prompted us President Gerald Ford to dispatch the last of the many fact-finding missions sent to report on the situation in the South.
On 3 April 1975, the delegation assembled in this room for a meeting with President Thiệu and his senior military leaders, seeking unsuccessfully to find a solution to the military impasse confronting them.
PRESIDENTIAL OFFICE
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu was born in 1923 in Tri Thủy village, Ninh Hải district, Ninh Thuận province.
He was trained at the national officer's school at Đà Lạt and subsequently in the USA and France.
Having taken part in the coup d’état tat against President Diệm in November 1963, he made a rapid rise to power, becoming Prime Minister with the associated portfolios of Minister of Defence and National Assembly President, then President of the Southern Republic in 1967.
Thiệu wrote to the US President on 25 March 1975 appealing for an air assault against the arIas under the control of the Vietnamese Revolutionary Forces and for continuing American support for the Southern Republic. His appeal was rejected.
He resigned on 21 April 1975 and then fled the country. He died in Boston, USA, in 2001.
PRESIDENTIAL RECEPTION ROOMS
In the first of the two presidential reception rooms, the President's chair is placed on a platform in front of a striped panel symbolising the flag of the Republic of Việt Nam.
Facing the President's throne-like seat is a chair intended for the guest of honour.
Both are carved with dragon's head motifs.
The other chairs are carved with a phoenix head or characters symbolising longevity.
The second room is considerably simpler.
Between 19 and 23 October 1972, six meetings were held in this room between President Thiệu and Henry Kissinger, President Nixon's National Security Advisor, during which Kissinger sought to persuade President Thiệu to accept the agreement which was eventually enacted as the Paris Peace Accords of January 1973.
AMBASSADORS CHAMBER
Before 1975, many countries had embassies in Sài Gòn.
Newly arrived ambassadors presented their credentials to the President in this room in the presence of the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The furnishings and pictures in the room are in fine Japanese-style lacquer-work, created by the artist Nguyễn Văn Minh.
The larger painting in 40 small panels entitled "Declaration of victory over the Ming” depicts a famous scene from the reign of King Lê Lợi.
The wall sconces were lit during ambassadorial presentation ceremonies.
On 18 April 1975 at 11:30am, President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu received the newly appointed Japanese Ambassador, Hiroshi Hitomi. This was the last such ceremony ever enacted in the Independence Palace.
FIRST LADY’S RECEPTION ROOM
The President's wife held receptions here, often entertaining the wives of visiting heads of State and leaders of various national and international organisations.
The lamps in the shape of flowers give the room a sense of peace and charm.
The décor features a distinctive pairing of two contrasting motifs: the three porcelain figures representing the traditional Gods of Happiness, Prosperity and Longevity and an abstract fresco in modem cubist style.
The wife of President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu, Mrs.Nguyễn Thị Mai Anh, was bom in 1930 in Mỹ Tho in Tiền Giang province, to a family of Catholic doctors.
She married Nguyễn Vãn Thiệu in 1951, when he was a serving army lieutenant; they had three children, a daughter, Nguyễn Thị Tuấn Anh and two sons, Nguyễn Quang Lộc and Nguyên Thiệu Long.
SALON OF THE 4 CARDINAL DIRECTIONS
This room "of the 4 cardinal directions of peace" was also known as the meditation room, and was intended by the architect Ngô Viết Thụ as a space in which the head of State would find the calm necessary to reflect with due care before taking decisions determining the country's future.
President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu transformed this space intended for meditative contemplation into a party room with space for the entertainment of 100 or more guests.
The dance floor was constructed from high-quality hard-wood and the windows were constructed from blast-proof glass 12mm in thickness.
On 30 April 1975 at 11:30am, Lieutenant Bùi Quang Thận raised the flag of the Provisional Revolutionary Government from the flagpole above this room, having first taken down the flag of the newly dissolved Republic of Việt Nam.
BUNKER
Designed by the Lt.Col.Phan Văn Điển, the construction of the Presidential bunker took 3 months.
72.5m long, 0.8 to 22.5m in width and with a depth of 0.6 to 2.5m, the rooms are linked by narrow passages and protected by reinforced concrete walls.
It consists of two sections.
The command centre has a depth of 0.6m and is protected by a concrete wall capable of resisting a 500kg blast.
Its telecommunication equipment was installed by the Americans in the 1960s.
The maximum security shelter; at a depth of 2.5m, has a blast wall capable of resisting explosions of up to 2,000kg.
A staircase gave the President direct access to the shelter from his 2nd-floor office.
During the bombing of the Palace on 8 April 1975 the President's whole family took refuge in the shelter.
COMMAND CENTRE
This heavily shielded area was used as an intelligence coordination centre.
The maps provided an overview of on-going military operations.
Map of Việt Nam (1) shows the country divided at the 17th Parallel as provided for by the 1954 Geneva Accords which partitioned the country into the Democratic Republic of Việt Nam in the North, and the Republic of Việt Nam in the South.
Map of South-Việt Nam (2) shows the famous supply network known as the Hồ Chí Minh Trail. The areas thought to be used as bases by the revolutionary forces are shown in orange.
This information was provided by aerial photography with further corroboration from secret intelligence operatives.
Map of North-Việt Nam (3) shows military activities in the northern military zones.
The room also displays a top secret RVN document (4) entitled: "Military Allied Personnel Statistics for 1968"
COMMUNICATIONS
This was the Palace's main receiving station for coded intelligence messages; it could also be used for national radio broadcasts in times of emergency. It could accommodate 41 staff including telegraphists, telex clerks and mobile radio operators whose task was to maintain contact with troop units in the field as well as communication with overseas embassies and diplomatic missions.
In 1968, an emergency national radio service transmitter was instilled in the Palace, initially to broadcast to the area around Sài Gòn - Gia Định, then enhanced with the addition of two l0 kw transmitters allowing for broadcasts to the whole of the Delta and Central Region, A 45m antenna was erected in the Palace garden.
Radio contact with Washington and other overseas contact with Wanshington and other overseas capitals was maintained via relay stations established at Phú Lâm in Sài Gòn.
KITCHEN
This was the kitchen for major event such as the banquet marking the inauguration of President Thiệu, as well as National Day celebrations and state banquet for distinguished visitors, H also provided for grand family occasions such as the wedding of thfe President’s daughter, The kitchen was furnished with what was the most luxurious of modern equipment, of a standard fit for a five-star hotel.
Among the more notable appliances the kitchen contained a massive freezer, elaborate smoke extractors above the oven, and a scale for weighing provisions with a capacity of up to 100kg.
On the mezzanine level on the left-hand fide of the Palace, there was a smaller kitchen to provide for the everyday requirements of the President and his family.
HOTEL REGULATIONS
1) Guests are required to present their Identification upon check in
a) Vietnamese; VN ID Cards.Passport or other Identilicalion.
b) Foreigner, Passports and Visa, Guests with spouses (or one Vietnamese and one Foreigner share the room) must present the spouse's marriage certificate in order to register and occupy rooms are regulated by local law.
2) Check- out time in at noon 12:00, In case : if the guests want to late check-out, please contact. the Reception and we have available room, Extra fee will be charged,
-Cheek out before 3pm: extra charge 25% room rale/per night
-From 3pm-6pm: half charge room rate/per night
-Alter 6pm: full charge room rate/per night
3) Gamble is not allowed in the rooms.
4) Making noise is not permitted in the rooms.
5) The hotel is only responsible for money or valuables deposited at the Reception.
Guests must show the consignation forms upon receiving the valuables.
6) Room keys must be kept the Front Desk upon guest leaving the premises.
In case, the lost room keys by guest will be compensated for the new one.
7) Cooking and ironing are forbidden in the rooms, hanging clothes are forbidden on the balcony.
If any service, please contact the Reception.
8) Bringing kinds of drink, ill-smell foods and pets or live animals into the rooms are not allowed.
9) Guest are used all the facilities in the rooms. In case guests ruin and lose anything, compensate to the hotel with the price posted the bill,
10) Prostitutes are not allowed in the premises, as regulated by local law.
11) No weapons, poison, explosives, flammable substance are allowed. As regulated by local law.
12) Drugs, dope substance are strictly prohibited in the hotel, as regulated by local law.
Thank you very much
WHAT TO DO IN CASE OF FIRE
For your safety, please read the following instruction carefully:
Precautions:
- Do not dispose of lighted cigarettes or matchsticks in the waste bins.
- Do not smoke in the bed.
- Do not cook in tbe room.
In case of fire:
- Stay calm and Immediately notify the operator by touching 0 (zero).
- Take your door lock key card, leave your room and proceed to the nearest fire exits.
- Do not use elevators, go down stairs by using the fire exits.
- Follow instructions from our staff member
- If you can not go down, go back to your room.
- Call the operator, give your room number and axplain that you are in you room.
IN ROOM COMPENDIUM
1) AIRLINE RESERVATION
Please contact Front Office for assistance and information.
2) BAGGAGE SERVICE
Please contact Front Office for baggage collection or storage.
3) BANQUET AND MEETING FACILITIES
Please contact Front Office for more information.
4) CREDIT CARD.
The hotel accepts major credit cards such as Visa, Master, JCB and Amex.
The hotel does not accept personal cheque for payment.
5) CURRENCY EXCHANGE.
Please contact at the Front Desk for more information and assistance.
6) CAR RENTAL.
For information and arrangements please contact Front Office.
7) DO NOT DISTURB.
Please set up DO NOT DISTURB notice outside of your room door for privacy.
8) ENERGY SAVING.
We are using an energy saving key system, in the room power supply will be switched off when you take out the key card from the key slot.
9) EXTRA BED.
Please contact Front Office for arrangement, extra fee will be charged
10) FIRE EXITS.
We strongly recommend that you carefully read the emergency instructions posted on the inside of the hotel information.
SOUTHERN ANCIENT HOUSE HISTORY
This house was built in 1906 by Mr Tran Hi Nguon ( 1876-1926) in Binh Thuy Village, the richest place of Can Tho at that time. The house was Situated about 10 km from here.
Mr. Tran Hi Nguon was the son of a landowner with 300 hectares of land.
He had two wifes and four children.
The brick house for the fisrt wife was devastated by war. This woonden house was for the second wife, Nuyen Thi Phong ( 1887-…). After she passed away, the house was inherited by her daughter, Tran Thi Dam.
In late 2002, the house was seriously degraded, Therefore Tran Thi Dam’s family assigned the house to Mr.Le Van Sang, director of My Khanh Ecological Tourism Limited Company, to restore with the desire to preserve the cultural values of Southern VietNam
PASSENGER GIUDE
Boarding gate closes 15 minutes before departure time.
Late passenger may not be accepted for travel.
Exit Row Seating Criteria Passengers are only allowed to open the exit door in case of emergency or when requested by cabin crew.
A passenger seated on an emergency exit seat may be required to assist in the performance of emergency evacuation functions listed or depicted on this safety information card.
Hence, the criteria for passengers seated in an exit row are:
1) Healthy, alert and dexterity to operate the exit door in an emergency and help other passengers while at the escape slide.
2) Should have sufficient visual, aural and speech capabilities to read, hear and convey orally, or understand instructions related to emergency evacuation provided in printed or graphic form or instructed by the cabin crew.
3) Not less than 15 years of age.
4) Should not be responsible for caring of accompanying small children, the elderly or incapacitated passengers.
Emergency Evacuation Functions
In the event of an emergency persons seated at the a row leading to an exit no manned by cabin crew may be called upon to perform the following:
1) Recognize, locate and operate the emergency exit opening mechanism.
2) Assess whether opening the emergency exit will increase the ha2ards to which passengers may be exposed.
3) Slow and secure the emergency exit door so that It will not impede expedient passage.
4) The inflatable slide will be deployed when the emergency exit door is opened.
When the slide has fully inflated shout to passengers to evacuate.
Exit yourself.
Wait at the bottom to help passengers get off the slide.
(Note: In case of ditching, the slide will not be deployed).
IF YOU ARE ALLOCATED SEATING IN AN EXIT ROW AND CANNOT MEET THE CRITERIA LISTED ABOVE, OR LACK THE ABILITY TO READ AND UNDERTAND THE EMERGENY EVACUATION INSTRUCTIONS PRINTED ON THIS CARD OR DO NOT WISH TO PERFORM THIS CARO OR DO NOT WISH TO PERFORM ANY OF THE FUNCTIONS, PLEASE IDENTIFY YOURSELF TO A CREW MEMBER FOR RE-SEATING.
Hung King temple is confirmed as a special national monument in 2009.
This land is worship Hung Kings - the ancestors of Vietnam people and famous as a historical beautiful site.
Hung King temple area is a historical monument where includes: Ha temple, Thien Quang pagoda, Trung temple, Thuong Temple, Hung Vuong mausoleum, Well temple, Au Co Country Mother Temple, Lac Long Quan Country Father temple.
Passed years, this place is the center land of culture, spirit, belief of  Vietnam nation. Annually, in the spring, thousands Vietnamese people make pilgrimage to this land to burn incense as grateful to their ancestors:
Descendants of three regions visit ancestors tombs
The motherland shall be prosperous everlasting.
Annual spring, there are about 260 festivals of culture, spirit, and belief hold in this land such as: an ancestor's death anniversary of Hung Kings - Hung King temple festival, Au Co Country Mother temple festival, Van Luong casting-net throwing festival, Lang Suong Mother temple festival, Du Yen temple festival, Festival procession of Queen in Hung Son town, Hien Quan spread Festival, Tro Tram professional performance festival, Phu Ninh buffalo fighting festival, Ngoc Tan communal house festival, Boat contest in Bac Hac river port, Gongs festival and Duong stab festival of Muong ethnic group, and so on. Festivals in Phu Tho are original characters and original culture of this ancestral land.
Historical and cultural monuments is a unique tourism resource of Phu Tho province. Besides Hung King temple which is classified as special national monument, there are 73 historical monuments listed in the national monuments and 212 historical monuments listed in the provincial monuments, for example Hung Lo communal house, Pho Quang pagoda, Lang Suong temple, Lang Ca archaeological monument, Ren village archaeological monument, and so on where remain valuable architecture value and traditional arts of the nation.
What's beautiful nation!
What are palm tree forest, tee hill, and immense green vast fields!
Sun shine on Lo River and hearing a sing of heaven.
This land is complex terrain of low hills with fields, small delta through rivers. It creates this land with special and amazing beautiful sites as forest of palm trees, vast green tee hills as face down bowls, and covered with milk and curved rivers. You would see more than a hundred of small and medium islands in Ao Chau lagoon which covered with thick and rich plant and 99 small streams laid down in cross-valleys; you would also take pleasure with view of water and boats as a picture of Hac three-way cross rivers, and you would be calm down the quite air of Xuan Son national park with wind, cloud, and trees.
UNESCO just placed the worship of the Hùng Kings on its “List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity". This worship is a long and tradition custom of the nation. It is known as a feature of culture. It shows the pious, grateful, and a philosophy of "Human get their ancestors" of the Nation.
For many years with many events, this belief is remained and plays as sacred spirit of Vietnamese people. It locates on each family, in social, and the strong and collected point of national solidarity.
Hat Xoan – an intangible World Cultural Heritage in need of urgent protection. It is known as pride of Vietnam in general and of Phu Tho in narrow.
Legend has it that Hat Xoan was created from Hung Kings and now it is preserved at four villages including: An Thai (Phuong Lau commune), Phu Duc, Kim Doi, and Thet (Kim Duc commune).
Annually, in the warmly air of spring, in temples of Hung Kings worship, Xoan villages holds Xoan singing competition in a fixed order: Manner singing (Greeting king, Giao trống, Giao pháo, Thơ nhang, and Đóng đám), Quả cách singing (singing 14 quả cách), and dual love song (Bỏ bộ, Hát đúm, Xin huê - word questions, Mó cá, and singing the finish).
There are special features of Hát Xoan from its dances, song words, historical value, and human culture value saved.
It will fill the gap of time and language for any tourist who comes Phu Tho and enjoy Hat Xoan.
Xuan Son Natural Park locates in Tan Son district. This place takes high valuation on its diversified ecological and rich biological with complex tectonics terrain.
This land is a special potential resource of tourism with national feature as system of ecological, waterfalls, and community of more than 30 limestone caves and caverns with its specifics: large underground river in huge cave, system of beautiful stalactites as the image of terraced fields.
Xuan Son National Park would attracts tourists with traditional festivals, custom, folksongs, and folk dance of Dao, Muong ethnic groups.
Xuan Son is known as Ha Long bay in the land. 43,791 ha of Xuan Son park is planed as tourism area with four functional sites including ecological and nature viewing site; urban area for tourism, culture, and trade; site of farms for semi wild animal feeding. So, tourists can find this land for culture, ecological, beauty site, discovery, venture sports, and scientific research, and so on
This tourism area is located in Thanh Thuy district, on the west bank of Da river, next to Hanoi city. Thanh Thuy mineral heat water area is connected with other regions in both road and water way for better tourism.
Mineral heat water gets average temperature from 370C to 540C and exploited from the artesian waters from underground from 30 meters to 60 meters far to surface. Mineral water in this land contains many useful minerals as sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium. Especially, water in this land contains Radon  - A unique and valuable water in Vietnam and it is very good for bathing, curing, and recuperative.
When you come to Thanh Thuy, you can soak in natural mineral heat water pools with roof or open. You can both dip you feet on mineral water and please in natural fresh air.
Now, Thanh Thuy mineral heat water tourism area is a complex area with hotels, restaurants, services, so it meets well the demand of tourism, convalescence, health recover, and cure for both domestic and international tourists.
Hemibagrus:
is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Bagridae. This genus consists of large-sized catfishes. It includes species with depressed (flattened) heads, rugose (ridged or wrinkled) head shields not covered by skin, and moderately long adipose fins, four antenna.
Hemibagrus live in the middle layer water and it is special food of Phu Tho province.
Doan Hung pomelo:
is a special food of Phu Tho province with trade mark "Doan Hung pomelo - Favour taste of Ancestral Land".
The features of this pomelo are small fruit, thin skin, small section, good sweet-taste.
When you make pilgrimage to the Ancestral Land, you should preserve this pomelo - it is the unique and essential taste of the midland.
Multi spurs chicken:
This kind of chicken are sourced for many years since the legend of Hung Kings who found son-in-law for Ngoc Hoa princess - "Betrothal gifts shall be elephant with nine tusks, chicken with nine spurs, horse with nine pink furs".
Meat of the chicken is tasted very well. It is favour present for holidays, Tet holidays, new house ceremony, adult ceremony in local people.
Now, this chicken is a special food for tourists who visit Xuan Son National Park.
10 ideal places for travelling alone in Vietnam
Traveling alone is the pleasures and interests of many people.
It gives travelers experiences that group traveling cannot.
The resort city with the lovely scenery is an ideal place for those who love traveling alone.
In Dalat visitors can admire the lyrical scene here with lots of flowers, the tree-lined streets, quiet roads in the early morning.
Binh Ba Island
Binh Ba is an island of Cam Ranh City, Khanh Hoa province, which still retains the wild beauty with sunshine, blue sea, white sand.
Coming here, visitors can swim in the crystal blue water, dive to see coral reefs, observe the daily life of local fishermen and enjoy fresh and delicious seafood or go fishing at night.
All activities will give you a great experience and fun.
Hue
If you are looking for a peaceful place, Hue is the ideal choice.
Come to the ancient capital, you can wander around the city to see old buildings, ancient architectural works in the city, enjoy Hue royal court music and taste Hue royal cuisine.
Hoi An
This small, old old town, the world cultural heritage site, is always gentle and loved by Vietnamese and foreign tourists.
In Hoi An, you should wander alone on small roads, sit in a coffee shop to see the slow rhythm of local people, purchase some unique souvenirs, take a boat trip on the Hoai River and walk along the lantern streets at night.
Cham Islet in Quang Nam Province
Recognized as a world biosphere reserve by UNESCO, Cham Islet is a group of eight small islands: Hon Dai, Hon Mo, Hon Lao, Hon Kho Me, Hon Kho Con, Hon La, Hon Tai, and Hon Ong.
Nature has endowed it with green forests, wide beaches and an incredibly diverse ecosystem.
With a total area of 15.5 km2 and 3,000 inhabitants, Cham Islet is only 18 km from Hoi An city.
it has a marine ecosystem with 950 aquatic species, including many fish, and rare corals are almost intact.
Nha Trang in Khanh Hoa Province
Nha Trang offers a six-kilometre stretch of beautiful coastline with white sandy beaches, clear waters with an abundance of marine life and thriving reefs, verdant mountain ranges at each end, as well as 19 untouched islets that are just a short boat ride away.
Offering a myriad of sightseeing and recreational activities, the coastal town itself is steeped with breath-taking structures that date back to the Champa Kingdom, Buddhist temples, and gothic-style Catholic churches, as well as natural hot springs, salt fields, and unique waterfalls.
Catering to any budget level and preference, Nha Trang restaurants serve up fresh seafood and Vietnamese cuisine while lively bars and pubs along the pristine beach are favourite hangouts for tourists to watch the sun sets over the East Sea.
Ninh Thuan
Coming to Ninh Thuan, tourists are able to relax in Ca Na Tourist Site, swim in Ninh Chu Beach, Vinh Hy Bay, climb to Da Trang Mountain, and observe natural animals in Phan Rang Reservation, or visit Pi Nang Tac Stone Trap.
Being thevhome of Cham minority group, Ninh Thuan has characteristic culture of Ethnic Cham, which are shown in local customs, Cham dance, sculpture, pottery, and brocade and agriculture of Cham towers.
Famous towers name Po Klong Garai and Porome.
Phu Yen
Phu Yen province encompasses a diverse landscape of mountains, rivers, lagoons and fertile plains with nearly 200 kilometers of shoreline along Vietnam's curving south-central coast.
Lesser known than the beach resort town of Nha Trang, about 120 kilometers away to the south, Phu Yen is a place where visitors can still enjoy having a wide patch of golden sand to themselves.
The capital city Tuy Hoa offers a good base for exploring the beaches, bays and offshore islands up and down the coast, with an ancient tower (Nhan Cham) to see and a large seated Buddha on a hilltop just north of the city.
The nearby Vung Ro Bay features a deep-sea port and a forest reserve in its surrounding hills home to a number of rare and exotic plants and animals.
Life here is laid back, with all the attractions of a seaside fishing village to enjoy -- fabulous fresh seafood and relaxing on the sands under the tropical sun, plus excursions inland to walk up the gently sloped mountains for gaining a bird's eye view of this peaceful province.
Con Dao Island
Con Dao is one of the top destinations in Vietnam in sea and island tours.
Visiting the island, tourists have a chance to see beautiful seas, primitive forests, notorious prison cells, historic sites and culture.
The 76-square-kilometer Con Dao archipelago comprises 16 big and small islands.
The biggest island is Con Son, covering 51 square kilometers.
Some other prominent islands are Hon Ba, Hon Bay Canh, Hon Cau, Hon Bong Lan and Hon Vung.
These islands are home to some 6,000 friendly and hospitable people.
Con Dao is endowed with many long, beautiful beaches shaded by almond trees and clear, blue seawater.
It is a national park with diverse fauna and flora systems.
In the sea, there are a wide range of colorful fish and coral reefs.
Wild orchids, black squirrels, red-bowel squirrels and “gam gi” (a pigeon species) are abundant.
Con Dao is one of the few locations in Vietnam where dugongs, dolphins and sea turtles are preserved.
During the war, Con Dao Island was a prison where revolutionaries were jailed.
The Hang Duong martyrs’ cemetery is a place for commemorating heroes and heroines of national defense.
Con Dao Museum protects objects and photos featuring the island’s history.
Nowadays, these islands are a paradise for tourists to discover.
Exploring Ong Dung and So Ray primitive forests, going fishing on Bong Lan Islet, catching squid on Tau Be tip, snorkeling, diving by Tre Islet and watching turtles laying eggs at night on Bay Canh Islet can be unforgettable trips.
Can Tho
Known among Vietnamese as ‘Tay Do’, meaning the Capital of the West, Can Tho is a the largest city in the Mekong Delta.
While famous for its pastoral beauty ofcomplex waterway network and lush fruit orchards, Can Tho is also a buzzy city with sufficient facilities to accommodate and entertain visitors both domestic and abroad.
With an average temperature of 27 Celsius degree, Can Tho is an all-year-round travel destination.
The most famous places in the city are Cai Rang Floating Market, Bang Lang Stork Park, Binh Thuy French House, Nam Nha Pagoda and Tay Do Night Market.
13 exciting experiences in Hoi An
In addition to discovering the unique culture and landscapes of Hoi An, tourists can experience many exiciting things in this world cultural heritage site.
1. Walkalong the streets of Hoi An to see old houses, especially the houses on the main streets of Tran Phu, Nguyen Thi Minh Khai, Bach Dang, along the Hoai River...
2. Cycle to explore the old town in the early morning and evening.
You can rent a bike for VND40,000 (less than $2) a day.
3. Sit in coffee shop on the second floor to see the old roofs in Hoi An.
4. Enjoy sidewalk dishes.
5. Take a cyclo tour around the town.
6. Take pictures at old houses or famous tourist sites in Hoi An such as the wall in Hoang Van Thu Street, the Japanese bridge, the An Hoi Bridge, ...
7. Enjoy the world's most delicious Vietnamese Banh Mi (bread) in Hoi An.
The two most famous banh mi shops are Phuong in Phan Chu Trinh Street and Madam Khanh in Tran Cao Van Street.
8. Visit the lantern streets.
9. Take a boat trip and drop lanterns on the Hoai River at night.
10. Enjoy the sparkling town at night from the Hoai River.
11. Walk around the night market in the old town to enjoy traditional cuisines and purchase handicraft items.
12. Visit the Sa Huynh culture museum at 149 Tran Phu Street to learn more about the culture and history of the ancient town of Hoi An.
The museum displays more than 1,000 artifacts related to the people of Sa Huynh culture dating back to 2,000 years ago.
13.Listen to Bai Choi folk music.
Will cuisine or marine tourism be the core of Vietnam tourism?
Building marine tourism brand or selecting culinary art as the core values of the Vietnamese tourism is still a matter of controversy.
At a recent seminar on building the strategy on brand development for Vietnam's tourism to 2025, with the vision to 2030, many experts contributed ideas to improve the competitiveness of Vietnam's tourism in the integration period.
Tourism brands
According to Le Tuan Anh, Deputy Director of the International Cooperation Department, Vietnam National Administration of Tourism, an important factor to influence the attraction of tourists is not the symbol or slogan but the value of tourism brand.
Many countries around the world have made great progress in the number of tourists thanks to success in branding construction.
For instance, the UK with the brand “Great Britain” built in 2012, which helped this country reach a new record of foreign tourists, with 34.4 million in 2014.
Adjacent to Vietnam, Thailand is also a good example for the development of successful tourism brand "Land of Smiles" associated with the logo "Amazing Thailand".
From 19 million of foreign visitors in 2011, the number of tourists to Thailand grew to 33 million in 2015.
There are many other countries that their tourism brands have been shaped and disseminated worldwide.
To describe American tourism in short words, travelers would say “quality”, for Japanese tourism, it will be “respect, meticulous”, for Italy it will be “romantic”.
In Southeast Asia, referring to Indonesia, people will think of the country with thousands of islands and resorts, for Malaysia, it is famous for shopping tourism, and Cambodia with cultural heritage.
Building brand for Vietnam’s tourism
In the development strategy of Vietnam's tourism brand to 2025 and the vision to 2030, the national tourism brand is defined to be associated with four product lines: sea and islands, culture, nature and urban.
Le Quoc Vinh, General Director of LeBros Media Group, said once the brand is identified, it is important how to market it.
Vinh also pointed out common mistakes in marketing destination brands: it is marketing to all and the use of common, trite language.
"We often focus on promoting the features of the destinations and forget the core factor - emotion," Vinh said, adding that Vietnam’s tourism advertising videos only tried to show off all landscapes of the countries, without creating the highlight or a clear message.
Some travel experts said to successfully build destination branding, Vietnam must find a core value, which must be a unique value, which makes Vietnam different from other countries in the region.
Vinh suggested: "Philip Kotler, the world famous marketing expert said that Vietnam is the kitchen of the world.
Therefore, the cuisine is one of the values that we can use to promote national tourism image."
Building the road of cuisine is also one of the objectives in the strategy to build Vietnam’s tourism brand.
According to tourism experts, the representative image of Vietnam’s tourism include:
1. Ha Long Bay (75%)
2. Hanoi (67%)
3. Food (63%)
4. Hoi An (58%)
5. HCM City (58%)
6. Mekong Delta (54%)
7. Hue (46%)
8. Ao Dai (Vietnamese traditional gown) (33%)
9. Sapa (29%)
10 Nha Trang (29%)
Cuisine of the Nung
The Nung live at higher elevations and have a tradition of self-sufficiency.
The Nung live close to nature and eat whatever they can grow or gather in the forest.
Some of their dishes have become specialties of Lang Son’s tourism.
The Nung grow both regular rice and glutinous rice.
Steamed rice is the main food in the daily meal, which also includes wild vegetables and beans.
In the summer they often have porridge for lunch.
The Nung prefer to fry vegetables and roots rather than boil them.
After frying, they may add water to make soup.
Nung cuisine is well represented by their typical New Year feast, which is considered a meal to counteract risks.
The year-end party of the Nung Phan Sinh in Lang Son province includes many dishes made from different kinds of meat, bamboo shoots, and vegetables.
Luong Van Bach, a Nung man who lives in Lang Son, said: “The Nung Phan Sinh in Lang Son have upheld their traditional New Year celebration.
They prepare various dishes that include duck.
They believe eating duck will banish bad luck and they will enjoy a lucky New Year.”
Duck is part of several different dishes. The most popular dish is duck with sour bamboo shoots.
Khau nhuc is a kind of braised pork belly seasoned with several kinds of herbs, such as cinnamon, anise, pepper, chili, and basil.
Khau nhuc is always served to guests and at parties for weddings, funerals, and longevity celebrations.
Seasoned with leaves of “mac mat”, a local sweet and aromatic plant, roasted duck and pork are two other popular dishes of the Nung and other ethnic groups in Lang Son, Cao Bang, and Bac Can province.
Nong Van Chi of Lang Son said: “Mac mat leaves are indispensable with roasted pork and duck.
The leaves are aromatic.
We also stuff “mac mat” fruit inside a suckling pig to bring out its flavor.”
Rice wine is always part of a festival, wedding, funeral, or birthday party.
The Tay, Nung, and Thai groups in northern provinces drink wine with their arms intertwined to show they will remain close to each other forever.
Over the years, Nung culture and cuisine have become tourism trademarks of Lang Son province.
The most primitive beaches in Vietnam
If you want to explore virgin beaches in Vietnam, visit the following 13 beaches and you will not regret the choice.
1. Tu Nham beach: Tu Nham beach is located in Xuan Thinh commune, Song Cau district in the central province of Phu Yen.
The 8km long beach is like a bow-shape.
2. Bai Mon beach: Bai Mon is located in Dong Be village, Hoa Tam commune, Dong Hoa district, also in Phu Yen province. The beach is only 500m in length, but it is recognized as a national landscape.
The beach is very near the Dai Lanh lighthouse, with fantastic range of mountains.
This is an ideal place for camping.
3. Ky Co beach: Ky Co beach is at the foot of Phuong Mai Mountain in Nhon Ly peninsula of Quy Nhon city, Binh Dinh province.
The beach has poetic and magnificent beauty with crystal blue water.
4. Ly Son island: Ly Son is an island district in the central province of Quang Ngai.
The island is approximately 9.97sq.km in area.
This is a volcanic island in the East Sea.
5. Hon Nua island: Located on the boundary between Khanh Hoa and Phu Yen, Hon Nua is a dinosaur shaped island. The beach is small but it beautiful.
6. Cu Lao Cau: Cu Lao Cau or Hon Cau is an island in Tuy Phong district of, Binh Thuan province.
There are many pretty rock cliffs on the island.
7. Lang Van beach: Lang Van is one of those hidden gems near Da Nang city, which is very near Hai Van Pass and Lang Co.
8. Mui Dinh beach: Mui Dinh beach is located in Son Hai village, Phuong Dinh commune, Thuan Nam district of Ninh Thuan province.
Mui Dinh beach has Mui Dinh lighthouse which is often a place to avoid storm of boats.
9. Ganh Son Island: Situated in Chi Cong commune, Tuy Phong district, Binh Thuan province, Gianh Son island has mountains with different shapes and different colors.
The red color of rock, blue color of sea water seem to harmonizeto make a surreal beauty
10. Phu Quy Island: Phu Quy Island is located about 120km from Phan Thiet City, Binh Thuan Province.
Covering over 17sq.km with great potential, the island is considered the political, economic and cultural centre of the island district of Phu Quy.
Seen from the sea from different directions, the island looks like a floating city with interesting shapes, such as a dragon, a codfish or a giant whale swimming in the deep blue ocean.
11. Tho Chu island: Tho Chu, an archipelago with eight islands, is a commune of Phu Quoc District, which is in turn an island off Kien Giang Province.
The archipelago, however, has not been frequented by tourists despite its wild and natural beauties.
To reach Tho Chu, visitors have to take a 16-hour boat trip which departs every five days.
The boat stops at Phu Quoc Island for one night.
12. Hon Bay Canh beach: As the 2nd largest island in the Con Dao islands, Hon Bay Canh is the home to fascinating beaches and rich flora and fauna system.
13.Cay Men beach: Cay Men beach locates in Nam Du island, Kien Giang province with pretty old coconuts.
Men beach’s coconut forest is nearly 100 years old which Nora's seen many happy and sad memories of southwestern island…
Coconuts in Men Beach gives visitors an exciting feeling: Cool, sweet, fresh like the air at this place.
These big coconuts have their own name: Dua Chi. This kind of coconut is only planted in some localities in the south but in Nam Du and especially in Men Beach the coconut is sweeter, fresher and cooler.
Blue sea, white sand and yellow sun in Men Beach is very beautiful.
Gentle beaches stretching hundreds of meters away help children free to play.
Taking a dip in clear water and enjoying coconut will be an exciting experience for tourists.
Banh com – a fine treat of Hanoi
Hanoi is famous for its speciality green rice flake cakes which are sold in Hang Than street.
Hang Than is just among more than 20 culinary streets in Hanoi which has about 70 streets with their first name of Hang.
This 300 metre long street houses more than 30 green rice flake cake shops.
The Nguyen Ninh trademark is the oldest and most popular brand for green rice flake cake.
The name was established in 1865 by late Tran Thi Luan and adopted it’s current name of Nguyen Ninh in 1928.
There have been 5 generations of Nguyen Ninh making green rice flake cake so far, said Nguyen Thi Hiep, a fourth generation family member.
As explained, Nguyen means origin, Ninh is called after Yen Ninh village which is now Yen Ninh street, near Hang Than.
Therefore, Nguyen Ninh green rice flake cake means the cake originated from Yen Ninh village.
Nguyen Ninh’s secret of making the cake is its pure ingredients without additives and mixture.
Green rice flake cake is made of green rice flakes, green peas and sugar.
Green rice flakes must be from Vong and Lu villages (in the past) or from rice land of Thai Binh (at present) and green peas are carefully selected in Ha Tay province.
As tasting a green rice flake cake, especially made by Nguyen Ninh, one can experience the full flavour of simple villages, a very different and typical Hanoi speciality.
The Nung hamlets in Chi Lang, Lang Son
Tourists visiting the northern province of Lang Son are greatly impressed by the peaceful hamlets of the Nung dotting the valleys, hillsides, and river banks.
To Tuan introduces a Nung hamlet in Chi Lang commune. A Nung hamlet in Chi Lang district, Lang Son province
Chi Lang district, which is about 120 km northeast of Hanoi, covers dangerous terrain in a hard-to-access part of Lang Son province.
The Nung are the majority residents in all 19 communes of Chi Lang district.
Trieu Thuy Tien, an official working in Lang Son’s culture sector, says that, like the Nung in other localities, the Nung in Chi Lang have maintained their traditions and customs: “The Nung clans cluster in hamlets.
They share with the Kinh people a tendency to treasure their neighbors above distant relatives.
Relatives living far away are not as valuable as good people living next door who will give us whatever we ask for.
It shows a sense of mutual support in a close-knit community.”
The Nung prefer to live at high elevations.
On national highway 1A, we see a road sign that reads “Ai Chi Lang”, where we turn into a rough road that climbs up the mountain to the Nung area. 40 km later we arrive at Co Hương, Thằm Nà, and Suối Mạ hamlet, about 1,200 to 1,300 meters above sea level.
Our effort is rewarded with beautiful vistas of vast meadows where herds of goats and horses are grazing.
The Nung are often praised for their openness and warm welcome for strangers. Their lifestyle and cooking also make a good impression on visitors.
In recent years, besides their tradition of raising cattle, the Nung have grown cash crops and fruit trees.
In the 1980s some households piloted growing custard-apple trees.
Now it has become the main fruit tree which brings them a stable income.
Triệu Thị Nhất, a Nung woman in Chi Lăng commune, says: “My family grows rice, custard-apples, and raises cattle.
Our income comes mainly from growing custard-apples.
We can afford to build a new house and buy some home comforts.”
Social changes have affected the Nung community.
There are many new brick houses replacing earthen stilt houses.
One thing that has not changed is their tradition of unity and mutual support to escape poverty and become better-off.
What is Vietnam's tourism identity?
To describe American tourism in short words, travelers would say “quality”, for Japanese tourism, it will be “respect, meticulous”, for Italy it will be “longing, romantic and luxury”.
What words could be used to describe Vietnam’s tourism?
This was the question of Mr.Le Tuan Anh, Deputy Director of the International Cooperation Department of the Vietnam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) at a seminar held at the Hanoi International Tourism Fair 2016.
"Vietnam’s tourism has never been able to touch the human heart like Thailand," said Le Quoc Vinh, CEO of Le Bros media group.
Citing a clip advertising Thai tourism in the modern style, entitled ihatethailand (I hate Thailand), which attracted millions of views on the social network, Vinh said that it is important to "find the brand soul" rather than just focusing on developing the brand reputation and brand communication.
Vietnam’s tourism promotional activities have only advertised landscapes while ignoring the core, the highest element of the brand – emotion, Vinh said.
In the strategic project on development of tourism products of Vietnam to 2025 and the vision to 2030, the logo and slogan of Vietnam’s tourism remained unchanged.
"The matter is not in the logo or the slogan because they do not create the value.
We have to convey the brand's values," said Le Tuan Anh.
"Eco-tourism is developed everywhere, but visitors do not think it is eco-tourism.
This affects the image of Vietnam’s tourism," said Ms. Do Thi Thanh Hoa, Deputy Director of the Institute of Tourism Development.
Vietnam's tourism brand to 2020, according to Hoa, must be marine and island tourism.
The subject of the Hanoi International Tourism Fair 2016 is also "Vietnam, the paradise of marine and island tourism".
"Compared with other countries with marine brand in the region, Vietnam still has many advantages thanks to the system of beautiful beaches, crystal sea water and smooth sand," said Hoa.
Nevertheless, representatives of some travel firms said all coastal provinces wanted to develop marine tourism but many beaches were still flooded by rubbish.
City tourism in Vietnam is not mentioned much, because Vietnam cannot compete with Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia, with big cities and developed shopping tourism.
However, this is still seen as one of four typical products of the country's tourism in the future.
"The most important factor is the nuance, which makes Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, and Da Nang always the top three most attractive cities to foreign visitors in Vietnam," said Le Tuan Anh.
Many suggested that international visitors highly appreciate the culture, cuisine, friendly people, and daily life experience in Vietnam.
Street food of Vietnam like pho (noodles), nem ran (spring rolls), and banh mi have become famous worldwide.
Many world leading travel magazines also praised Vietnam’s food, even used the word "superpower".
Madame Ton Nu Thi Ninh once said "it is very bad if we do not promote Vietnam cuisine."
Colin Pine, CEO of Ho Tram Resort, a member of the Tourism Advisory Council, said it was necessary to research and clarify further the tourism brand of Vietnam.
"Vietnam has many special things.
The difference in climate and culture of the three regions is also an advantage to attract foreign travellers.
I personally have lived in Vietnam for more than 20 years because of the friendly people," he said.
Can Gio Tourism- an ideal destination for a weekend in Saigon
Can Gio ecotourism is about 50 km from Ho Chi Minh city center to the southeast.
This is a favorite place of many tourists on weekends.
Coming to Can Gio, you will leave the noise and hustle of a busy city behind and enjoy a wonderful restful space in quiet and peaceful nature.
Road and transportation guidance to Can Gio
Because the distance from the city center to Can Gio is not too far, so you can choose two popular means of transportation as public bus and motorbike.
Public Bus
Start at Ben Thanh market, catch bus number 20 to Nha Be and stop at Binh Khanh ferry.
Then, catch bus number 90 straight to the beach.
In addition, you can take bus number 75, depart from 23/9 park and stop at Can Thanh station.
This bus schedule goes cross some familiar tourism places in Can Gio.
Motorbike
From Ho Chi Minh city, ride to Tan Thuan bridge (district 7), then turn to Nguyen Van Linh road, straight to Huynh Tan Phat street is Binh Khanh ferry.
You have to buy ticket to use the ferry.
Although the way to Can Gio is quite pretty nice, some parts have many cobble stones and not flat, so you need to prepare needed equipment in case your vehicle is out of order.
It is quite hard to find a repair shop along the road.
In particular, you must comply with traffic rules to avoid troubles on the road.
Discovering Vam Sat mangrove forest
The Vam Sat mangrove forest is located in the World Biosphere Reserve with the abundant flora and fauna.
You can explore famous attractions like Bat Pond, Crocodile Farm, etc. to enjoy exciting recreational activities: fishing, crab fishing, bird watching, crocodile fishing, boating, fishing nets, etc.
If you want to relax among untouched and quiet fields, you are able to sit on a motor boat going through green and fresh channels.
The 7 natural wonders of Phu Yen
Mossy beaches, slender wooden bridges and countless ponds and streams in the coastal province of Phu Yen have been sights to behold since forever.
Phu Yen sits 561 kilometers to the north of Saigon, right above the famous Khanh Hoa Province that gave us the fabulous Nha Trang and its beaches.
Its seaside location offers a beauty that rivals fantasy film sets, and its low-profile status keeps it safe from the forces of mass tourism that have saturated many attractions.
Hybrid cohabitation between moss and sea defenses.
Moss, one of the most trustworthy indicators of time, finds perfect harmony covering the concrete embankments by the sea in Phu Yen.
The lake is home to a famous seafood specialty: the blood cockle, a shellfish that oozes a blood-like liquid even when boiled.
Be it in rice soup or slightly boiled, order yourselves some and embark on a fishing boat for a tour of the lake to snap some pictures to take home.
The sights here are akin to the scenes found in the adventures of Sinbad or the great Jason and his Argonauts.
Streams, grass, sand and sea, all in close proximity.
Home to the first book written in modern Vietnamese by the man who 'converted' the country to the Roman alphabet, missionary Alexandre de Rhodes.
Appropriately, "Catechismus” was printed in 1651 in Rome, Italy.
The church was named after an extinct flower that only exists today in stories told by the elderly.
Ghenh Da Dia is Vietnam's smaller version of Ireland's Giant's Causeway with hundreds of columns and plates rising up like a staircase.
It’s nearly impossible for visitors to find a place for pictures void of the sea of humans that crowd it.
The symmetry of this manmade construction creates a comforting curtain of water.
Said to be the longest of its kind in Vietnam at 700 meters, from afar the bridge belies the weight it can carry.
La Vong fish - a favourite dish of Hanoian
The food is supposed to have been created by the Doan family.
According to Ngo Thi Tinh, a descendant of the 4th generation of the family, the family started the business of selling "cha ca" to earn money to support the family members and to have a meeting place for the Vietnamese people who wanted to fight against French colonialism.
The family food became a speciality of Hanoian people.
The grilled fish must be made from a kind of fresh water fish called hemibagrus because it has very few bones and the flesh is very tasty.
If hemibagrus is not available, we could make do with mudfish or snake-head fish.
Some connoiseurs may request for a special kind of fish called Anh Vu, which is available only in Viet Tri city at the turning point of the Bach Hac River.
Thin slices of Anh Vu fish are rolled with a kind of herb called "soi" then grilled to give an excellent flavour.
To make grilled fish, thin slices of fish have to be mixed with ginger, saffron, fermented cold rice, pepper and fish sauce; then placed on bamboo skewers and grilled on a burning charcoal stove right on the dinning tables.
Cham Island to launch sea walking tour
Quang Nam provincial People’s Committee has allowed Cham Island Tourist Company Limited to launch a new and fascinating tour to explore the undersea world: walking tour under the sea.
Accordingly, visitors taking part in this tour will have to wear a special helmet with oxygen supply and follow a tour guide.
During a walking tour under the sea within 15 to 20 meters on the seabed, visitors have a fascinating experience when watching the corals and other sea creatures.
As scheduled, the tour will open to public on May 1.
Located 15 kilometres east of Cua Dai Beach in Hoi An city, Cu Lao Cham consists of eight islets and a UNESCO-recognised Biosphere Reserve.
Nearly 2,550 islanders live in four villages and make their living by aquatic farming and tourism.
The island welcomes over 50,000 tourist arrivals every year.
8 interesting facts about Da Lat
Da Lat is not only a renowned tourist-resort city of Vietnam but also famous for unusual and interesting sites.
1. Linh Phuoc – the Buddhist temple of records
Linh Phuoc, located at 120 Trai Mat, Da Lat, is one of the most well-known pagodas in Vietnam with a 37-metre bell tower – the tallest in the country.
The main hall consists of colorful paintings regarding the story of Buddha from his birth until he obtained Nirvana and his death.
Linh Phuoc Pagoda, also called Ve Chai Pagoda, was built from debris of glass, pottery bowls and porcelain between 1949 and 1952 in a remote residential area of Da Lat City.
The pagoda is led by many Buddhist monks and was renovated by Monk Thich Tam Vi in 1990.
The pagoda has been managed by 4 Buddhist monks, including Mr.Thich Minh The (1951 – 1954), Mr.Thich An Hoa (1954 – 1956), Mr.Thich Quang Phat (1956 – 1959) and Mr.Thich Minh Duc (1959 – 1985).
Since 1985, Mr.Thich Tam Vi has managed the pagoda including a big restoration in 1990.
The remarkable feature of the pagoda is the Dragon - shaped design made from the broken pieces of glasses in accordance to the design of Khai Dinh's Tomb in Hue. In the main temple, there is a statue of Shakyamuni Buddhist with the height of 4.9m, sitting under the root of Bodhi tree.
Beside the pagoda, we can see a 49m Dragon flying around the garden.
In front of the sanctum, there is Da Bao tower with 27m height.
On two sides of the tower, bell and drum are put.
In the tower, there are some statues of Quan The Am Bodhisattva.
On the right of the tower, they arrange place for worshipping, houses for monks staying and flower garden.
It has Van Thu gate and Long Hoa garden on the left, also pool, bonsai and 49m dragon.
The scabs of dragon are made from 12,000 empty bottles. The head of dragon is 7m high.
The pagoda has a 36- meter tower in the yard which contains a 8,500 - kilo bell in it.
The bell is 4.38m high and its diameter is 2.34m.
It is carved with 4 words "Linh Phuoc Tu Chung" and many statues, pagodas and patterns such as One Pillar Pagoda (Hanoi), Thien Mu pagoda (Hue), Bodh Gaya tower (India), etc.
Linh Phuoc pagoda is in the Vietnam Record Book with 11 records: the pagoda with the highest bell tower in Vietnam, the pagoda made from the large volume of terra-cotta pieces, pagoda with the largest sao timber-made peacock statue, pagoda with the largest indoor concrete-made Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva statue and others.
2. The nuclear reactor
This is the only nuclear reactor in Indochina, which is located at No.1 Nguyen Tu Luc, Da Lat city.
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the Da Lat nuclear reactor has small capacity (500kW) but it works safely and at high economic efficiency.
The Da Lat Nuclear Reactor, formerly known as TRIGA Mark II reactor, was built in 1963 with the authorized maximum operation power level of 250kWt, but it ceased operation from 1968 to 1975.
With support from the former Soviet Union, Vietnam began to restore and expand the reactor in February 1982 and officially resumed operation on March 20, 1984, allowing a peak pulse power of 500 kWt.
Da Lat is expected to build a new 15MWt reactor in the future.
3. Da Quy (wild sunflower) Theatre
This is a special architectural work of Da Lat, which is located at the Lam Vien Da Lat Square.
4. Crazy House
Covering an area of approximately 1,600 square meters, Hang Nga Guest House, also known as “Crazy House”, is design by Vietnamese architect Dang Viet Nga.
As the intention of the architect is to make a fairy tale house, the “crazy house” resembles a tree with uneven windows, and tunnel-shaped stairways.
Both the exterior and the interior of the guesthouse are created and decorated with twisting organic forms and very few right angles.
The hollow “tree” extends in many directions, rising above to reach the sky of the amazing Da Lat.
Walking along the cave-shape hallways inside the house is not simply a visit but an exhilarating experience-a departure from the norm, wild mushrooms and spider webs popping up on your way is not unusual.
The guesthouse is a spectacular construction with ten themed guest rooms such as the tiger room, the eagle room, the ant room and the kangaroo room with decorations and handcrafted furniture matching the theme.
The guest house is famous among international tourists.
5. Da Lat clay sculpture tunnel
A kilometer long path snaking through a red basaltic soil hill with sculptures carved out of its sides is set to become a popular tourist attraction in Da Lat.
Located near the famous Tuyen Lam Lake, the path embodies the vision of its founder Trinh Ba Dung to tell the history of the city in a uniquely creative way.
Sculptures on the walls of the path purport to tell the story of Da Lat from more than 100 years ago, when the area was wild and teeming with wildlife, when it was sparsely inhabited by the Co Ho ethnic minority.
Various Co Ho myths including the fleeing of the father tortoise and his children while the mother tortoise fights a huge snake are etched into the wall.
The story indicates that the Co Ho were a matriarchal society.
The French colonial days are indicated with sculptures of landmark buildings like the Da Lat College, Da Lat Railway Station, Pasteur Institute and old villas by the Xuan Huong Lake.
The highest sculpture on the walls is 12m tall.
Work on this complex began in 2010 and more than 100 artisans were on the site during its busiest times.
The first work was a 90sq.m house made of soil, furnished with beds, chairs, tables, wardrobes, washing basins and chimneys, which are all made of soil.
The house stands against a mountain and faces the lake.
There is a map of Vietnam on its roof.
The house was recognized as "The First and the Most Unique House Made of Basaltic Soil without Baking" by the Vietnam Record Book Centre in 2013.
The complex won a Green Architecture Award from the Vietnam Architects Association in 2014.
6. The only white flamboyant tree in Vietnam
Da Lat is the home to Vietnam’s only one white flamboyant tree (White Jacaranda).
The tree was brought to Vietnam by Dr.Ha Ngoc Mai in 1998.
The tree is planted in the villa at No.75Phu Dong Thien Vuong Street, Da Lat.
Dr. Mai brought this tree to Vietnam in 1998 from Sydney, Australia.
At that time, an Asian worker at a nursery in Sydney introduced Mai to a violet flamboyant grafted with a mutated white flamboyant tree.
The price for this violet-white tree was $25.
Three years later, the tree began blossoming bunches of white flowers.
The first bunches of white flamboyant yielded several fruits and Dr.Mai cultivated over 50 seedlings from these fruits.
However, they produced violet flowers, not white.
7. Circle Hostel
The Circle Hostel is a hotel in Da Lat that provides guests with the option to spend the night in a tube.
For only VND200,000 ($9) per person, you can have one of ten pipe-shaped ‘rooms’ and one of the more unique accommodation experiences in Vietnam.
The Circle Hostel is built with a unique style using the round tubular construction of the room and decorated with different colors.
The hotel is located between a pine forest, and you can look down the valley and hill.
The hotel is very close to the city center: 5 minutes by motorbike to Da Lat Market, 3 minutes of intercity bus station Phuong Trang/cable car, 15 minutes down the Tuyen Lam Lake tourist area…
The hotel has 10 round tubular colorful and unique rooms.
The rental is reasonable, $10/night/one person, $12.5/night for 2 persons, $15/night for three persons. The rooms have the same area, including a small bed with mattress and drawers… In addition to the unique shape, the rooms are decorated with different colors, and are cheerful, youthful, with lively layout.
Due to the special design, tube-shaped rooms have not much space to put the toilet inside so there is a separate toilet and bathroom outside, which is very close to the rooms.
With the advantage of a beautiful location, situated on a small hill, quite wide and beautiful views from their rooms, visitors can see the pine forest, residential or garden terraces, garden fruit of households … 
On the high hill in early morning and evening you can see smog covering the whole valley below.
At night is the best time to have a campfire, gather with friends or relatives, while watching the city lights up.
You can also enjoy coffee, artichokes, free tea, books and sightseeing or bonfire, BBQ with friends ….
Mong Mo Hill in the resort city of Da Lat, Lam Dong province, is the home to the strangest animals in Vietnam, such as five-horn buffalo, five-leg pig, four-wing duck, etc.
These animals are collected throughout the country.
Untouched island hides pristine treasures off central coast
Only 27 kilometers north of Tuy Hoa city in Phu Yen, ‘Mai nha' (Roof) Island has somehow managed to preserve its wild and rugged beauty.
- VnExpress International
Often compared to Robinson Crusoe’s island, Roof Island is in An Hai Commune, Tuy An District, Phu Yen Province.
Situated not far from the mainland, the island is a go-to place thanks to the lack of tourists.
The ideal time for a trip to Roof Island is from March to August when there is no extreme weather.
It takes only 20 minutes by boat to reach the island and costs only VND500,000 ($23) for a round-trip ticket.
The best place to embark from is An Hai Dock, which saves you time and money.
Pristine beauty, a scarcity of people and tree-covered mountains.
There are no regular services available on the island.
It is not hooked up to the power grid, hostels are a luxury and fresh water is a treat.
This lack of essentials offers tourists a chance to improvise.
Remember to prepare tents and food if you plan to spend the night here.
A makeshift stove made right on the beach.
At the very heart of the island, there are just a few houses.
Crystal clear water and the rocky shore combine to make a stunning scene.
Homestay service in Da Lat
To make a trip to the Central Highlands city of Dalat more interesting, tourists can consider choosing a homestay or hostel room, instead of a luxury hotel one in town.
For a two-day trip to Dalat at weekend, tourists can stay at The Circle Vietnam Hostel on Dang Thai Than Street, around three kilometers from the city’s downtown.
At a cost of VND200,000 per person per night, the hostel attracts tourists by its colorful tubes where customers stay.
Inside each circle room is a bed for two people and a toilet.
The area at the yard in front of those rooms is for cooking and other community activities.
There, tourists can cook food or gather in groups for chatting and singing.
Another feature of The Circle Vietnam Hostel is the beautiful natural landscape with green valleys, hills of pine trees and villas hidden behind the mist.
For another homestay option in Dalat, tourists can go to La Nha Homestay on Hoang Dieu Street.
The space of La Nha gives guests a nostalgic feeling with old tables, chairs, wardrobes, and black and white TVs.
Almost all items used for decoration are secondhand flower vases, pieces of glass, umbrellas, doors but each room is equipped with modern furniture such as air-conditioners and water heaters.
La Nha has some shared rooms with single beds and tents put around its yard.
La Nha also has an area for people to get together for cooking or warming up.
6 Reasons Why Solo Travel Is So Addictive
Find out why traveling solo is seriously addictive, and no, it isn't just the lower costs when it's all said and done.
The first time you travel solo can be a nerve-wracking experience.
Possibly, for the first time in your life, you only have yourself to rely on.
There’s the little experiences, like not having anyone to look after your bag when you go to the airport bathroom.
Then, there’s the big ones, like finding yourself stranded with nowhere to sleep at midnight, because you’ve been locked out of your hostel.
So why exactly is this so addictive?
Quite simply, because there’s something totally unbeatable about conquering challenges on your own.
About living by the seat of your pants, choosing your own adventures, rules and schedules and being solely accountable for everything that happens.
And that, as all solo travelers know, is the true meaning of freedom.
1. You’ll Learn How To Lead
You’re the director, producer and actor in the movie that is your life, but, in the chaos of everyday moments, this can be hard to remember.
The second you embark on solo travel, you understand the true meaning of being entirely responsible for yourself.
You’re in charge of every decision and there’s nothing more empowering than discovering how capable you are.
2. You’ll Abandon Your Comfort Zones
Traveling solo is always an expansive experience, as it shatters pre-conceived concepts of the world with each step you take into the unknown.
New doors open up at every stop, in a way that’s not always visible when you’re occupied with travel companions.
You’re more inclined to talk to strangers and you’ll notice more people will want to connect with you.
Left to your own devices, you’ll try things you’ve never even considered and your ‘comfort zones’ will soon be a thing of the past.
3. You’ll Get To Reinvent Yourself
At home, you might be the shy one in your group of friends, the one who picks up everyone’s slack, the gardener, the computer whiz or the serious academic.
When you travel solo, no one knows, or cares, about the labels attached to you.
You can become an adventurer, a photographer, a farmer, a diver.
Whatever appeals to you, just take your pick!
You’ll discover things about yourself that haven’t had the space to appear in your busy home life.
The freedom to reinvent yourself and grow, without any input from people you know or past experiences, is seriously addictive in the best possible way.
4. You’ll Learn To Live In The Present Moment
There’s nothing like gazing at an awe-inspiring, foreign landscape on your own and knowing you only have a few, precious moments to soak it in.
You can’t take the landscape home with you and you might not ever return.
Without your friend next to you, chatting your ear off, you become totally immersed in the present moment.
It’s just you and the earth.
Travelling solo gives you the space to truly appreciate each moment, through your eyes alone.
5. You’ll Learn How To Spot Trouble From A Distance
A more attuned ‘trouble radar’ seems to exist for those of us who love to travel on our own.
You have to be more careful about your belongings, about heading out at night and about trusting people.
Because of this, you develop the ability to spot trouble from a distance, before it enters your world.
This is an invaluable skill for future travels and one that’s carried over into your life in general.
6. You’ll Discover What’s Important In Life
“To awaken quite alone in a strange town is one of the pleasantest sensations in the world.” – Freya
You can forget about expectations and even aspirations that take you away from living life, right now, into a future projection of it.
You can enjoy the simple pleasures of savoring exotic food for as long as you want, basking in the curious smile of a local child and letting your mind run free towards the next destination.
When you return home, all those ‘big’ issues will have faded into oblivion under an avalanche of freedom and aliveness.
You’ll view the world with fresh, empowered eyes.
And that’s the ultimate addiction.
Vietnamese spent $6 billion on overseas tours last year
Favorite destinations included Thailand, Cambodia, Japan and South Korea while local attractions became less appealing
Around six million Vietnamese traveled abroad for holiday last year and spent roughly US$6 billion, according to the Vietnam Tourism Association.
That was significant up from $3.5 billion in 2012, the association said, as cited by local media.
According to tour operators, favorite destinations included Thailand, Cambodia, Japan, South Korea, Europe and the US.
Vietnam’s top tourist companies such as Vietravel and Saigontourist said overseas tours have grown faster than domestic tours.
Vietnam itself is home to many famous destinations, including Ha Long Bay, the Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park and Hoi An ancient town, all of which are UNESCO heritage sites.
But poor service quality, high prices and lack of creativity are among the main reasons that local tourists prefer going abroad, experts say.
Meanwhile, many foreign countries such as Japan and South Korea have simplified visa procedures for Vietnamese tourists and offered very competitive tour prices in recent years, they say.
White mountain, Green tourism
The French Alpine town of Chamonix has been a magnet for tourists since the 18th century.
But, today, tourism and climate change are putting pressure on the surrounding environment.
Marc Grainger reports.
The town of Chamonix- Mont-blanc sits in valley at 1,035 metres above sea level in the Haute-Savoie department in south-eastern France.
To the north- west are the red peaks of the Aiguilles Rouges massif; to the south-east are the permanently white peaks of Mont Blanc which at 4,810 metres is the highest mountain in the Alps.
It's a typical Alpine environment, but one that is under increasing strain from the hustle and bustle of human activity
Tourism is Chamonix's lifeblood.
Visitors have been encouraged to visit the valley ever since it was discovered by explorers in 1741.
Over 40 years later, in 1786, Mont Blanc's summit was finally reached by a French doctor and his guide, and this gave birth to the sport of alpinism, with Chamonix at its centre.
In 1924, it hosted the first Winter Olympics, and the cable cars and lifts that were built in the years that followed gave everyone access to the ski slopes.
Today, Chamonix is a modern town, connected to the outside world via the Mont Blanc Road Tunnel and a busy highway network.
It receives up to 60,000 visitors at a time during the silk season, and climbers, hikers and extreme- sports enthusiasts swarm there in the summer in even greater numbers, swelling the town's population to 100,000.
It is the third most visited natural site in the world, according to Chamonix's Tourism Office and, last year, it had 5,2 million visitor bed nights- all this in a town with fewer than 10,000 permanent inhabitants.
The influx of tourists has put the local environment under severe pressure, and the authorities in the valley have decided to take action.
Educating visitors is vital.
Tourists are warned not to drop rubbish, and there are now recycling points dotted all around the valley, from the town centre to halfway up the mountains.
An internet blog reports environmental news in the town, and the “green" message is delivered with all the tourist office's activities.
Low-carbon initiatives are also important for the region.
France is committed to reducing its carbon emissions by a factor of four by 2050.
Central to achieving this aim is a strategy that encourages communities to identify their carbon emissions on a local level and make plans to reduce them.
Studies have identified that accommodation accounts for half of all carbon emissions in the Chamonix valley.
Hotels are known to be inefficient operations, but those around Chamonix are now cleaning up their act.
Some are using low-energy lighting, restricting water use and making recycling bins available for guests; others have invested in huge projects such as furnishing and decorating using locally sourced materials, using geothermal energy for heating and installing solar panels.
Chamonix’s council is encouraging the use of renewable energy in private properties too, by making funds available for green renovations and new constructions.
At the same time, public-sector buildings have also undergone improvements to make them more energy efficient and less wasteful.
For example, the local ice rink has reduced its annual water consumption from 140,000 cubic metres to 10,000 cubic metres in the space of three years.
Improving public transport is another feature of the new policy, as 80 percent of carbon emissions from transport used to come from private vehicles.
While the Mont Blanc Express is an ideal way to travel within the valley- and see some incredible scenery along the route- it is much more difficult to arrive in Chamonix from outside by rail.
There is no direct line from the closest airport in Geneva, so tourists arriving by air normally transfer by car or bus.
However, at a cost of 3.3 million euros year, Chamonix has introduced a free shuttle service in order to get people out of their cars and into buses fitted with particle filters.
If the valley’s visitors and residents want to know why they need to reduce their environmental impact, they just have to look up; the effects of climate change are there for everyone to see in the melting glaciers that cling to the mountains.
The fragility of the Alpine environment has long been a concern among local people.
Today, 70 percent of the 805 square kilometres that comprise Chamonix- Mont-Blanc is protected in some way.
But now, the impact of tourism has led the authorities to recognize that more must be done if the valley is to remain prosperous: that they must not only project the natural environment better, but also manage the numbers of visitors better, so that its residents can happily remain there.
Northern flavors cure homesickness in Saigon
People from Hanoi and Saigon recognize each other as compatriots and share almost everything from their language to their customs, and most certainly their food, despite the 3,000 kilometers that separates them.
Having been in Saigon for more than 20 years, the kiosks at the end of Chu Manh Trinh (District 1), Tran Quoc Toan, Vo Thi Sau and Nguyen Thong Street (District 3) have almost every northern specialty for sale.
Food such as dried bamboo shoots, fragrant mushrooms, arrowroot noodles from Bac Kan and hundreds of specialties all find their way to Saigon, mostly by train.
Food with a short shelf-life like tofu from the famous Mo village in Hanoi, salted pork and hand-ground squid cakes are treated with care and get here by air.
Instant food like the sweet dessert 'che' and sticky rice also secure a seat on the planes that shuttle between the regions.
Hanoi’s square ‘banh chung’ still reigns supreme and takes up the most space.
According to shop owners, despite being brought from the capital, the price here is still not much higher than in Hanoi.
Processed foods such as ground meat cake ‘gio’ and ‘cha’ are also easy to find for northern people living in Saigon.
Not everything sold in these markets is exclusive to the North.
Many shop owners still want their goods to be shipped from their home towns.
Housewives can find all kinds of food that remind them of the scent of Hanoi here like ‘sau’ (dratoncomelon).
Northern style pickles, sauces and pastes are available all year round.
Some shops offer the beer lovers’ favorite snack: ‘banh da’, the thin crunchy crackers riddled with black sesame seeds that has become a part of after-work culture.
Fresh lime leaves, the most important aromatic compliment for the popular boiled chicken, found on every corner in the north but almost nowhere in the south.
Northern fruits are also a good seller.
Everything you need is within reach.
Even if the fruit you are after is not available, a quick phone call will quickly satisfy your craving.
Kien Giang, a destination of National Tourism Year 2016
Kien Giang Province in southwestern Vietnam is one of the best places to explore the Mekong River Delta.
Blessed by nature, Kien Giang is home to the beautiful scenery of Ha Tien and Phu Quoc Island and historically famous spots like Chong islet, Chem islet, Phu Tu islet, Mui Nai beach, and U Minh forest.
Kien Giang Province has greater tourist potential than most of the other Mekong Delta provinces.
It has become a popular destination for tourists who want to experience historical, cultural, ecological, and marine tourism.
This year, the province is hosting the National Tourism Year 2016 with the theme “Phu Quoc- Mekong River Delta- Exploring the Southern Land”.
Tourist activities scheduled throughout this year will to promote tourism potential, advantages and products of Kien Giang and nearby provinces.
Tran Chi Dung is Director of Kien Giang’s Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism: “This year, we want to attract more foreign tourists.
We’re creating more tours to boost local tourism”.
Kien Giang is one of Vietnam’s 28 coastal cities and provinces.
Its sea covers more than 63,000 square kilometers and its coast is about 200 km.
The province has 143 islands, 43 of them inhabited.
These islands and their beautiful beaches represent a great potential for ecological and marine tourism.
Phu Quoc is a popular destination.
Its famous beaches include Truong, Dai, and Hon Thom.
Iris Bijlisma, a tourist from the Netherlands, said, “This is really rare on Earth.
I think I have never seen such a beautiful place”.
Phu Quoc Island has some primal forests with a rich system of fauna and flora.
The forests with their multiple streams and lakes provide fresh water for the residents.
The wild natural forests and romantic sea give Phu Quoc an impressive beauty.
Huynh Quang Hung, Deputy Chairman of the Phu Quoc People’s Committee, says there are many projects to upgrade Phu Quoc’s tourism infrastructure.
Once they are completed, Phu Quoc will be able to accommodate more tourists and host major national events.
Hung said, “We hope that the number of visitors to Phu Quoc will increase sharply this year because of the activities we have organized for National Tourism Year.
Many new luxury resorts open this year”.
Kien Giang Province has many national historical relics and scenic spots including Hang pagoda, Nguyen Trung Truc Communal House in Rach Gia, the Mui Nai relic site, Thach Dong Cave and the Phu Quoc Church.
U Minh Thuong National Park in Kien Giang Province was recognized this year as the 8th Ramsar Site in Vietnam and the 2,228th Ramsar Site in the world.
The most beautiful destinations in Lai Chau
Besides O Quy Ho Pass, travelers are also attracted by the Muong Thanh green fields and the picturesque Pu Dao village.
The administrative center of Lai Chau.
O Quy Ho Pass, connecting two northern provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau.
The pass is nearly 500 kilometers long encompassing two thirds of Lai Chau's Tam Duong District, and one third of Lao Cai's Sapa District.
Tourists will have to cover a few kilometers from Hoang Lien National Park gate to come to the top of O Quy Ho Mountain considered the border between Lao Cal and Lai Chau.
Chu Va Mountain
Muong Thanh field in Than Uyen district.
Lai Chau Hydropower in Nam Hang commune, Muong Te district.
Sin Ho plateau, which is called the second Sapa of Vietnam.
The confluence of the two rivers of Da and Nam Na.
In addition, Lai Chau has a lot of destinations as Pu Sam Cap Cave, the villages of Na Luong, Hon, Vnag Pheo, Tac Tinh Waterfall, Vang Po hot springs, Pu Ta Leng peak - the second roof of Indochina and Bach Moc Luong Tu mountain.
Phuoc Tich ancient village embodies Hue beauty
40 km north of the central city of Hue is the small village of Phuoc Tich, which has changed very little in hundreds of years.
The modest, peaceful village is a popular destination in Hue.
Visitors are charmed by the village’s gardens of centuries-old trees, which have been preserved by the locals as a precious heritage.
The village spreads out beside the poetic O Lau River and has all the typical features of a traditional Vietnamese village.
Bui Thi Hai Quyen of the Que Huong Service Company said: “Walking around the village, tourists enjoy unaccustomed peacefulness, the rustic sound of cocks crowing and birds singing in the early morning and the smell of wood burning.
They like walking around the village, admiring the ancient architecture and feeling their lives slow down.
They visit ceramic furnaces and enjoy local specialties prepared by local female cooks in ancient houses".
Visitors to Phuoc Tich are amazed at its ancient houses.
More than 30 houses in the village are up to a century old.
A dozen of the village’s clan worshipping houses and temples remain intact.
They are so well preserved as to astonish cultural anthropologists, architects, and historians.
The village’s ancient houses are nha ruong, a kind of residence built with artfully carved wooden pillars and beams.
They are held together with wooden pegs so they can be easily dismantled.
Phuoc Tich houses are made principally of jackfruit wood and are adorned with exquisite carvings, most of which remain undamaged despite having gone through many wars throughout the years.
Most of the ancient houses in the village have large yards full of old trees and separated by rows of tea trees, creating an exotic green space.
Le Trong Dien, the owner of an ancient house in Phuoc Tich, said both the ancient houses and their gardens attract tourists: 
“Phuoc Tich people are hospitable and they want to introduce their houses to others. Phuoc Tich ceramics, trees, and lifestyles are different from elsewhere”.
Visitors are introduced to a unique way of producing ceramic products and may try to work as a ceramic craftsman, just one of the many unforgettable experiences Phuoc Tich provides.
Local people treasure their ceramic making craft and devote a separate area, known as Treng Islet, to preserving ancient ceramic pieces.
They were very expensive and very sought-after.
At that time, our village was rich with many houses.
All children went to school.
Phuoc Tich people began making ceramic products in 1940.
At that time, I was small.
In 1975, I began making ceramic products.
Ruong houses in Phuoc Tich were built with revenues from selling ceramic items”.
Visitors to Phuoc Tich also like the local food specialties, especially the rice cakes made by local women.
Ms Nguyen Thi Thuy, who lives in the village, said local women set up a cooking club to introduce local food to visitors: “Here we serve pickles, pork with shrimp sauce, and a variety of rice cakes.
Our club has 16 members.
By joining the club, local women can earn extra income”.
Tourists to Phuoc Tich often arrange to stay in local houses living with the local people and learning something about their lives.
Traveling along beautiful roads of the South, Central Highlands
The coastal road starting from Ben Tre to Ca Mau Cape is an interesting route that covers the southern region and central highlands of Vietnam.
The coastal road from Ben Tre to Ca Mau
The Hau river
The first day travel from HCM City, following National Highway 1 through the southern provinces of Long An, Tien Giang, to Trung Luong junction in My Tho City; then turn to National Highway 60 to go to Ben Tre Province.
Crossing Co Chien River, you will go to the city of Tra Vinh, where you can spend the night.
The second day, from Tra Vinh you will move along National Highway 60 to Soc Trang province, where you will see the vast Hau River dividing the two provinces.
Getting a ferry, go to Cu Lao Dung (Dung Islet) of Soc Trang Province and then from Cu Lao Dung to Soc Trang.
Depending on time, you can stay overnight in Soc Trang or go to Bac Lieu or Ca Mau.
On the third day, you will go along Highway 1A to the Cape of Ca Mau, the southern tip of the country.
Now that you've finished exploring the coastal road of Southern Hau River, you go from HCM City to Ca Mau on National Highway 1A as usual.
On this road, you can stop at tourist attractions like Thoi Son islet, Phung islet, Vinh Trang pagoda (in Tien Giang and Ben Tre), Ba Om pond, Khmer culture museum (Tra Vinh), Bat pagoda, Clay pagoda, Chen Kieu temple (Soc Trang), the house of Bac Lieu playboy, Cao Van Lau memorial house, Quan Am pagoda, Xiem temple (Bac Lieu), Ca Mau Cape...
Explore Dong Thap Muoi
Dong Thap Muoi includes the provinces of Long An, Tien Giang and Dong Thap, famous for vast fields, unique wetland ecosystems of mangrove forests.
The road from Saigon to Dong Thap Muoi is great, for the roadside scenery, experience the life and culture ...
In HCM City, from Phu Lam roundabout (District 6), you take TL10 Road to Long An, to Duc Hoa town then continue along N2 Road through Thanh Hoa district to National Highway 62.
From here, you will go into Dong Thap Muoi. After arriving in the town of Tan Thanh, you will have two choices:
Running on Road 829 along Duong Van Duong Canal to Road 844 to reach Tram Chim National Park, in Tam Nong District, Dong Thap Province.
You will spend a night there to discover Tram Chim the next morning.
The second choice is following National Highway 62 along the border with Cambodia, through the districts of Moc Hoa, Tan Hung, Vinh Hung (Long An province) to Hong Ngu Town (Dong Thap).
From Hong Ngu, following National Highway 30 down to Cao Lanh city, from there to Road 844 to Tram Chim.
The second day, after visiting Tram Chim National Park, you will go to Cao Lanh and stay there one night before visiting Gao Giong, the site of the tomb of Nguyen Sinh Sac, father of President Ho Chi Minh
The third day, you travel from Cao Lanh to Sa Dec to visit the Huynh Thuy Le house, Kien An Cung pagoda, Tan Quy Dong flower village, then follow National Highway 1A to HCM City.
Trekking Ta Nang - Phan Dung
Ta Nang - Phan Dung is a big challenge for those who love adventure because you can only walk, but the scene isbeautiful and majestic.
This entire stretch of road is about 50 km extending from Lam Dong province to Binh Thuan.
Ta Dung Lake
With more than 36 islands and beautiful natural scenery, the lake is called “Ha Long Bay of the Central Highland”.
The lake is located on the border of two provinces of Lam Dong and Dak Nong.
It still is pristine, without any tourism services.
Immersed in pure nature, watch the beauty of the lake at dawn or dusk is romantic.
Also you can encamp on a small island in the lake.
There are two ways for you to get to Ta Dung.
The first is from Ho Chi Minh City to Di Linh on National Highway 20, and then to National Highway 28 to reach Ta Dung.
The second way, you take National Highway 14 to Dak Nong, Gia Nghia town and following National Highway 28 to Quang Khe district and then to Ta Dung.
Mang Den
Dubbed as the second Da Lat in the Central Highlands, Mang Den is located in Kon Plong district, Kon Tum province, with the cool climate of the highlands with vast pine forests.
The quiet space is suitable for those who want to rest and relax.
From Kon Tum city, you take National Highway 24 about 50 km east to the town of Mang Den.
The attractions here include the system of seven lakes of Toong Ly Leng, Toong Ziu, Toong Zori, Toong Sang, Toong Po, Toong Dam, and three waterfalls of Dak Ke, Pa Sy and Dak Pne.
The world of mushrooms in Da Lat forests
In the Nui Ba Bidoup National Park this season, you can see a special world of mushrooms.
The park is located in Lac Duong district and is a part of Dam Rong district, Lam Dong province.
It has an area of 63,938 ha with multiform natural resources and beautiful scenery, especially waterfalls.
Bidoup – Nui Ba national park is one of twenty-eight national parks of Vietnam.
It is considered one of 221 regions which has many special kinds of bird and one of four biological multiform centers of Vietnam.
Belonging to the preservation ecological system of Truong Son mountain range, Bidoup – Nui Ba is located in the main range of the South of Truong Son.
It is a place receiving intense interest in preservation.
91% of its area is forest, of which there are primeval forest with many species of animals and plants.
It has 1933 species of plant, of which there are 62 precious species that have been ranked in the red – book of Vietnam since 2000.
There are 91 species in Lam Dong and adjacent areas.
28 species have been called the Latin word including dalatensis (9 species), langbianensis (14 species) and bidoupensis(5 species).
There are 56 species of animals recorded as precious animals, 47 species recorded in the red – book of Vietnam since 2007 and 30 species in the red – book of IUCN since 2010.
Bidoup – Nui Ba is also considered a Kingdom of Vietnamese Orchids with over 250 species.
The park is home to many mushroom species.
This has become a new destination in Da Lat.
Da Nang fireworks competition will get bigger and better
The city plans three weeks full of events for next year's edition
The biennial Da Nang International Fireworks will be held every year from 2017 and will last for three weeks instead of only two days as in the past.
Sun Group will organize the event in March when the central city celebrates its liberation day March 29, Da Nang's government announced Friday.
The city began to host the annual event in 2008 but it became a biennial competition in 2013 due to financial difficulties.
There have been mix results and the competition in some years failed to attract as many tourists as expected.
Sun Group now believes it can successfully run the event every year.
According to the group, eight teams are expected to compete next year, including Da Nang and past champions.
There will be other events to attract tourists including a food festival, paragliding shows and an international music festival, a company spokesperson said.
Sun Group said it will spend around VND50 billion (US$2.25 million) for the 2017 competition.
Official statistics showed the number of tourists visiting Da Nang during the fireworks event surged from 50,000 in 2008 to 460,000 last year.
The charm of Sapa
Many local and foreign tourists often pick Sapa as part of their journeys to the northwest of Vietnam to not only enjoy the cool climate and scenes but also explore the diverse cultures of ethnic minority groups
Tourists buy souvenirs from ethnic minority vendors in front of the stone church in Sapa
Visitors to the hilly town can see many women of ethnic minority peoples Mong, Dao and Tay selling original souvenirs in front of the renowned stone church, along streets and markets to earn a living.
They also sell rice and corn wines, vegetables and other specialties of the northeastern region.
Phu Quoc’s tourist attractions
Phu Quoc island in Kien Giang province attracts tourists for its beautiful scenery and also many special products like fish sauce, pepper, rose myrtle wine and juice.
These local products have made Phu Quoc famous.
Fish sauce factories are one of many tourist destinations in Phu Quoc.
Local people began making fish sauce 200 years ago and the local fish sauce has become famous around Vietnam and overseas.
Visiting fish sauce factories, tourists are overwhelmed by large wooden vats holding tons of anchovies.
Tourists are most interested in witnessing the many steps in making the product.
Salt and anchovies are the main materials in its production.
Each factory has its own secret for making delicious fish sauce.
Ho Kim Lien is the owner of Khai Hoan fish sauce company said “Phu Quoc fish sauce is made in the local traditional way.
Compared to tourism, making fish sauce earns less income but it is our traditional trade, we want to keep it.
I’m proud of our products.
We always try to improve the quality of our products to meet the demands of customers inside and outside the country.
Tourists are interested in visiting our factories”.
Vicent, a French tourist said “I have heard about Phu Quoc pepper and I myself like its taste very much.
I’m lucky to have a chance to visit a pepper garden and taste local pepper, which has a unique flavor.
I will buy pepper as gifts for my friends and tell them that this is Phu Quoc pepper of Vietnam”.
During the main harvesting season running from February through July, farmers collect ripe peppercorns and divide them into black, red and white pepper.
Ruffino, a tourist from France, is interested in witnessing the steps in harvesting and drying the pepper.
“I’m lucky to visit a pepper garden in Phu Quoc and see with my own eyes green and ripe pepper. They are in different colors.
I like the pepper’s taste.
I found out that pepper can also be used to make many special dishes”, said Ruffino.
Rose myrtle is also a specialty of Phu Quoc.
Tourists can visit gardens and learn about a variety of rose myrtle products.
Nguyen Thanh Son, owner of a rose myrtle garden in Phu Quoc said: “Rose myrtle products have become strong and a tourist product in Phu Quoc in addition to pepper and fish sauce.
We make rose myrtle wine, tea, juice and jam.
These products sell well.
Rose myrtle is a forest plant, so it very clean and rose myrtle fruits are nutritious. Because the yield is not high and stable, we are researching new varieties of rose myrtle and transfer the technology to farmers”.
Leaving Phu Quoc island, tourists bring home photos of beautiful beaches and scenery as well as special local products.
Magnificent cloud-covered scenery of Da Lat
Coming to Da Lat in spring, you will have a chance to enjoy the cold weather and being on a fairy land among drifting and bobbing clouds.
Clouds cover romantic pink meadows.
A rainbow adds beauty to mountainous streets.
Cu Hill lying by Xuan Huong Lake in Da Lat City’s center looks splendid in the sun.
Water lilies on the lake at the foot of Cu Hill.
Da Lat City at sunset
the city seen from above at night.
Enjoying the cloudy city is an unforgettable experience of tourists.
Crop blessing rite of the Ha Nhi
The Ha Nhi have many important ceremonies each year including the Lunar New Year festival, forest worship, and crop blessing rite.
To Tuan describes the Ha Nhi’s crop blessing rite.
The rite “Khu Gia Gia” means “bumper crop” in the Ha Nhi language.
It’s the biggest event for the Ha Nhi, in which they express their gratitude to the genies who have protected and blessed them with bumper crops.
The third day is for festive activities.
A Ha Nhi legend says the genies come down to earth to play see-saw and swinging. Every year the Ha Nhi make a new see-saw and swing first for worship, then for the villagers to play on.
Their games symbolize reproduction. The men and women dance together, sing duets, and play the Jew’s harp.
The Khu Gia Gia festival demonstrates the Ha Nhi’s gratitude to their ancestors and genies, who are believed to have a direct impact influence on their lives while enhancing community bonds and mutual support.
Vietnam's most beautiful waterfalls
Ban Gioc Waterfall on the Quy Xuan River is located in Cao Bang Province, nears the Sino-Vietnamese border.
The waterfall falls thirty meters.
It is separated into three falls by rocks and trees, and the thundering effect of the water hitting the cliffs can be heard kilometers away from Trung Khanh.
Ban Doc Waterfall is situated in Dam Thuy Commune, Trung Khanh District.
The Quay Son River rises from China flowing into Vietnam in Po Peo (Ngoc Khe Commune) and to communes including Dinh Phong and Chi Vien.
When it reaches Dam Thuy Commune of Trung Khanh District, the mild river circles around Co Muong mountain bottom and flows to rice fields of Dam Thuy towards the large maize alluvial plain of Ban Gioc village.
Here, the flow divides into many branches and lowers its flow to creat Ban Gioc Waterfall.
Water from Quy Xuan River falling down on the stone creates water droplets columns that can be seen from a distance.
The temperature near the waterfall is remarkably cool, due to the water mist in the air.
At the foot of the waterfall is a large river, as calm as glass, surrounded by many precious kinds of flowers.
The sight in Ban Gioc Waterfall bears a poetic, fresh, quiet beauty of water, forest and cloud area mixed with village atmosphere of mountainous ethnic minorities.
Phu Tho is a midland province in the Northern of Vietnam with nature land area at 3,532km2, of which 97,610ha are agricultural land, 200,000 ha of forest land including 64,064 ha of natural forest, 10,000 ha of water surface for aquaculture and other land.
The province plays as a northwest gate of Hanoi capital, is 50 kilometers distance from He kou international border gate (between Lao Cai – Vietnam and Yunnan - China). This province is the center of the region and is the meeting point of three large rivers (Da river, Red river and Lo river), so it makes Phu Tho favorable traffic system on land, railway and by water. This foundation makes strong potential for economic development and exchange with the other economic regions of both domestic and other nations.
Phu Tho is well known as the cradle of civilization of Lac Viet culture – the center land of Viet ancient people – era Hung Kings – Van Lang country.
Passing thousand years of history, this land still preserves a relic system remarks the foundation of the country. There are more than 1,372 historical monuments of culture (of which, Hung temple is a special national monument), and 223 folk festivals, and specific arts (specially, “Xoan Singing of Phu Tho province” - the intangible cultural heritage in need of urgent safeguarding and Hung Kings Worship and Belief in Phu Tho – the intangible cultural heritage representative of humanity have been recognized by UNESCO in 2011 and 2012).
Phu Tho is also famous for well-known tourist attractions including Xuan Son National Park (with system of interesting caverns and caves, diversified plants and animals), Thanh Thuy hot mineral water site with huge capacity for health care, Ao Chau and Van Hoi lagoon, Ao Gioi – Suoi Tien (God Pond – Fairy spring), ect.
In order to exploit all potentials and strengthens on tourism,  Phu Tho made a planning of tourism development in term from 2011 – 2015 and orientation to 2030 and encourages both domestic and international investors on developing tourism of culture and original spirit, ecological – beauty of nature tourism, tourism of resorts and health care, ect.
Phu Tho province warmly welcomes and will be your companion in the investment process.
Investment project to build Southern Hung King Temple Tourism and Service area - Hung King Temple historical monument:
Project’s name: Investing to build Southern Hung King Temple Tourism and Service area
Location: At Hung King Temple historical monument, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Description: the project is executed on total land area at 235.026 ha, including two functional areas:
Hung King culture tourism village: 80.02 ha, including following work items:
Reception area, technical infrastructure and common works; total land area for building is at 28.69 ha; building area is at 21,352 m2.
Area for building of patriotic-war-dead memorial: total land area for building is at 5.91 ha, building area is at 7000 m2.
Area of Hung King culture and exhibition: total land area for building is at 45.42 ha, building area is at 48,523 m2.
Forest at South: 155.01 ha, including:
Reception area and supplying common service; total land area for building is at 6.54 ha, building area is at 13,900 m2.
Forest of odd and strange flowers and plants: total land area for building is at 14.09 ha, building area is at 16,167 m2.
Mountainous and beautiful view area: total land area for building is at 34.55 ha, building area is at 22,142 m2.
Resort with future house: total land area for building is at 36.12 ha, building area is at 38,136 m2.
Complex area of service and forest structure with season color changing: total land area for building is at 23.38 ha, building area is at 37,283 m2.
Area of project management Board and common works: total land area for building is at 37.32 ha, building area is at 23,839 m2.
Investment project to build service and tourism area of Xuan Son National Park:
Project’s name: Investing to build Tourism and Service area of Xuan Son National Park
Location: Xuan Son National Park, Tan Son district, Phu Tho province.
Description: total land area for building is at 43.791 ha, including four functional areas:
Tourism area of creature and landscape (core area of Xuan Son National Park) with total area at 15,890.43ha, including all area of Xuan Son commune, a part of Tan Phu, Dong Son, Lai Dong, Tan Son, Xuan Dai and Kim Thuong communes.
Area of tourism, service and trade of Thach Kiet – Tan Phu is 7,056.49ha consists of all area of Tan Phu, Thach Kiet and Xuan Dai communes.
Area of urban, culture, and sport of Minh Dai – Van Luong with land area at 4,364.75ha including Minh Dai and Van Luong communes.
Farms and feeding semi-wild animals with total area at 15,402.18ha,including a land part of Dong Son, Lai Dong, Kiet Son, Tan Son, Xuan Dai, and Kim Thuong communes.
Investment project to build Thanh Thuy hot mineral water tourism area
Project’s name: Investing to build Thanh Thuy hot mineral water tourism area
Location: Thanh Thuy district, Phu Tho province.
Description: total land area for building is at 4,472.54 ha, including 9 functional areas:
Center of culture, sports, entertainment and trade: 327.70ha (including Thach Khoan, La Phu, Son Thuy, Bao Yen, Doan Ha communes)
Special tourism area: 64.01 ha (including La Phu, Son Thuy communes)
Villas and resorts: 89.01 ha (including Thach Khoan, La Phu communes)
Area of hot mineral water bathing and product from nature: 41.56ha (Son Thuy communes)
Area of ecological tourism and golf: 843.70ha (including La Phu, Son Thuy and Bao Yen communes)
Area of cinema: 410.46ha (Thach Khoan, La Phu communes)
Resident area and new urban area: 363.29ha (including Thach Khoan, La Phu, Son Thuy, Bao Yen, Doan Ha communes)
Area of infrastructure, management and production of mineral water bottles and common works: 131.94ha (including Thach Khoan, La Phu, Son Thuy, Bao Yen, Doan Ha communes)
Buffer areas to maintain sites and protect water resoures, rural area and afforest: 2,075.36ha (including Thach Khoan, La Phu, Bao Yen, Doan Ha communes)
Investment project to build Van Lang service and tourism area:
Project’s name: Investing to build Van Lang tourism and service area
Location: Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Description: under the project’s planning, the project is executed on total land area at 116.2 ha, including 13 functional areas:
Lac Long Quan – Au Co area: 6.64ha, including works: Gate, bar and coffee, souvenir shops, water palace, Mrs. Au Co statue, statues of 54 ethnics of Vietnam people, house for rest, WC and parking.
Son Tinh – Thuy Tinh area: including works and items: Gate, upper floor for choosing son – in – law, house for taking photograph, bonsai pool, house for rest, statues of gifts (elephant with 9 ivories, chicken with 9 spurs), ventilation booth house, restaurant of fish, car parking, tower of fishing.
Area for legend of Hung King era: 5.25ha, including works and items: area of piper bithe and areca –nut history, magic rice history, Chung  and Giay cake history, WC, car parking.
Area of Tien Dung – Chu Dong Tu island: 0.62ha, including works and building: Tien Dung – Chu Dong Tu Palace.
Mai An Tiem Island: 0.21ha
Area of culture and art performance: 2.03ha, including works and items: communal house of Hung King, other auxiliaries works as Xoan singing performance area, service house, statue of Ms. Que Hoa, flower house, house for rest, car parking.
Area for teenagers: 1.99ha, including works and items: square for entertainment, Thanh Giong statue, area for camping, clubs for teenagers.
Green tree area: 15.19ha
Public service area: 2.33ha, including works of management house, Van Lang bookstore, souvenir shops, flower shop, house for taking photograph, house for fine arts exhibition.
Area of food: 1.36ha, including: drinking and ice-cream shop, boats house, small hotel (two floors), and small restaurant.
Management area: 0.26ha
Water surface: 64.30ha, including bonsai pool, sigh-seeing, boating, ect.
Car parking: 1.77ha including management house, hall, kiots, house for guards.
Investment project to build Ao Chau lagoon tourism area:
Project’s name: Investing to build Ao Chau lagoon tourism area
Location: Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province
Descision of planning: No.3522/QD – UB dated 15th October 2001 by Phu Tho People’s Committee on approving the general planning of Ao Chau lagoon tourism area, Ha Hoa district.
Description: the project is executed on total land area at 1500 ha (of which 300ha of water surface), including the followed functional areas:
Center of reception and tourism controlling: 15ha
The main guest house and hotel (1-2 stars): 7.5ha
Area of park with general entertainment: 18ha
Area of camping and fishing: 55ha
Guest house for common people: 60ha
Green park with special plants: 120ha
Animal park: 95ha
Green park for landscape: 34.5ha
Area for local resident: 33ha
Area for development reservation: 23ha
Traffic (road, bus-stop): 9ha
Route for visit along lagoon and to functional areas
Protection forests and buffer area: 800ha
Investment project to build works of culture, technical infrastructure for tourism and service at Au Co Mother Temple:
Au Co Mother Temple is one of the national cultural monuments which last for more 5 centuries. And now this temple is the original of Au Co Mother worship of Vietnam.
The Au Co Mother Temple has high value on architectural art. Festival of Au Co Mother Temple has also much supernatural power in sprit of Vietnamese people.
The temple locates near Ao Chau lagoon, Ao Gioi – Suoi Tien (Heaven Pond – Fairy stream), Van Hoi lagoon, and places on the route from Hung King Temple - Au Co Mother Temple – Yen Bai province – Lao Cai province.
Phu Tho is calling investors to build culture constructions and technical infrastructure for service of tourism and exploit the tourism service of spirit and culture connected with beautiful landscape.
Investment project to build technical infrastructure for tourism and service at the Lang Suong Temple:
The historical monument – Lang Suong Temple locates at Lang Suong hamlet, Trung Nghia commune, Thanh Thuy district, Phu Tho province. It is far from Thanh Thuy hot mineral water  tourism area at 5 km, and far from Ho Chi Minh historical monument (Da Chong – Ba Vi - Hanoi) at 3km and placed on tourism route of Thanh Thuy hot mineral water tourism area – Xuan Son national park.
This is nominal monument for worship of mother at North Delta and the worship of Tan Vien hero at Ba Vi mountain.
Lang Suong Temple is planed as place of festival tourism with total area at 42,970m2, including functional places of culture, cuisine, staying facility and service.
Phu Tho is calling investors to build culture constructions and technical infrastructure for service of tourism to exploit the tourism service of spirit and culture.
Investment project to build technical infrastructure for tourism and service at the historical and culture monument Phuc Co revolution base:
The Phuc Co revolution base at Minh Hoa commune, Yen Lap district is one of five famous resistance bases of Phu Tho province at time of pre-revolution. It is recognized as historical and cultural monument of the province.
This area has unspoiled landscape with Long Chao stream and many small waterfalls that is favorable for tourism investment on services of ecology, resort, traditional culture of Muong ethnic people.
Under the plan,  culture and historical monument – Phuc Co revolution base will connect with community ecology tourism with total area at 330ha with functional areas as management area, area of tourism services – convalesces – entertainment with tour of crossing waterfall.
Phu Tho is calling investors to build culture constructions and technical infrastructure for service of tourism to exploit the tourism service of spirit and culture, ecology and beautiful landscape….
Investment project to build Hem waterfall tourism area (Cloudy Waterfall)
The Cloudy waterfall gets total area at 800 ha of Luoi Hai mountain, Huong Can communes, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province. It is far from Viet Tri city at 60km on the southwest, and far from Thanh Thuy hot mineral water tourism area at 20km on the west, near to highway 316 about 1 km.
This area has a beautiful and wild landscape with primeval forest, protection forest and fresh environment.
It contains 13 small and large falls which pour water into diversified rock making wonderful landscape.
Phu Tho is calling investors to build the Cloudy waterfall area as ecology tourism and resorts.
Investment project to build Cu Dong waterfall (the Mo Waterfall)
Located on Cu Thang commune, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province, is about 15km on the west away from Thanh Thuy hot mineral water tourism area, far from Xuan Son national park about 55km and near to highway 316 about 3 km.
The Mo waterfall is a system of small and continuous falls, of which, there are many over 50m ones pour over steep cliffs down the beach of iridescent magic pebbles.
Phu Tho encourages investment to change the Mo waterfall as ecology tourism area.
Investment project to build Van Hoi lagoon tourism area
Located in Hien Luong commune, Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province, the lagoon is far from Viet Tri about 80km, far from Au Co Mother Temple about 1 km, near to Hai Phong – Ha Noi – Kunming (China) highway.
The lagoon has a water surface of more than 200ha and 40 islands with the largest island is 10ha of area.
It has the system of water open supply and drainage so it can always maintain a stable water level which is very clean and pure.
Surrounding the lagoon is the system of mountains, hills, forests that creates a poetic landscape.
Phu Tho is calling investors to build the Van Hoi lagoon area become a tourism area of convalescences and luxury entertainment.
Other projects:
Besides these projects, Phu Tho is encouraging investment on tourism projects: hotel with 4-5 stars, project to build Ao Gioi – Suoi Tien (Ha Hoa district) as ecology tourism area; project to build archaeological site of Ca village, Mun hill, Ren hamlet as destinations of culture tourism.
Incentives on land use:
Investors have the right to select the appropriate location and land area to suit their project scale based on approved plan and the right to choose between assigning the land with land usage fee and leasing the land under the current laws.
Investors are exempt from land lease fees from 3 to 15 years and enjoy a reduction of land lease fees from 20 to 50% depending on types of projects and investment locations in accordance with Decree No.: 142/2005/ND-CP dated 14th November 2005; the Decree No.: 121/2010/ND-CP dated 30th December 2010.
Investment projects on infrastructure of industrial zones shall receive support at 10% of land rent.
Tax incentives policies:
Incentive beneficiaries: investors in the province are entitled to incentives according to investment sectors and locations as provided by Decree No 108/2006/ND-CP dated 22nd September, 2006 by the Government to issue detailed instructions for the implementation of certain clauses and provisions of the Law on Investment.
Incentives on enterprise income tax, import tax are defined in Investment Law, Import Export Tax Law, Decree No 124/2008/ND-CP dated December 11th, 2008; Decree No 149/2005/ND-CP dated December 8th, 2005 and current regulations remaining in force at the time of the project.
Investors shall be entitled 10% to 20% of reduction of tax rates for 10 to 30 years according to types of project and investment locations. Investors shall be enjoyed tax holiday from 2 to 4 years and  50% reduction of tax rates in the next 4 to 9 years depending on types of projects and investment location.
Investor shall be exempted from import and export tax for create fixed asset of investment project in accordance with approved lists and regulation current  in force.
Other incentives policies:
Received provision of power and water supply to the boundary of the project.
Gained support for road construction to the boundary of the industrial zones on scale depending on kind of project and area of investment but shorter than 3km.
Exempted from infrastructure fees during construction period (which does not exceed a maximum of 3 years) for the special incentive project; and exempted all with the project on public service in industrial zones.
The special important projects for the province shall be considered for special support policies.
Provided free of charge with documents relating to the project.
Exempted from administrative fees required for project application with project licensed by the province.
Exempted for fees for participation in investment and trade promotion conference organized in the province.
Exempted from contribution fees for the province when joining the province’s team to attend other investment promotion events.
Administrative procedure for receiving investment project.
Phu Tho provincial People’s Committee promulgated “One door” for all projects in Phu Tho with quick, clear, effective procedure. It reduces inconvenient, cost, and time of investors.
Investor shall prepare documents and submit at one of two main doors:
Department of Investment and Planning (for projects outside of industrial zone)
Industrial Zones Management Board (for projects within industrial zone).
Investment approval procedures:
Types of documents:
Application for investment Approval Award by Investor.
Summary of investment project.
Recipient Agency and processing duration:
Department of Investment and Planning ( evaluation and recommendation) Duration: within 07 working days.
Phu Tho People’s Committee (consideration for approval) Duration: within 02 working days.
Investment Certificate Procedure:
Types of documents:
Location acceptance Permit (approved)
Investment Approval Award by the Province’s People committee
Investment project report and other related documents (if any)
Environmental assessment report (or commitment for environmental protection) - approved
Request for Investment Certificate issuance
Recipient Agency and processing duration:
Department of Investment and Planning ( evaluation and recommendation)Duration: within 15 working days.
Phu Tho People’s Committee (consideration for approval) Duration: within 02 working days.
Procedure of establishment of enterprises, branches, representative offices
Types of documents:
Application (or notice on the establishment of branches, representative offices)
Identify card
Charter of company
Recipient Agency and processing duration:
Department of Investment and Planning ( consideration for issuance)Duration: within 05 working days.
Procedure of applying construction Permit
Documents consist:
Application for construction permit
Copy of document certifying of land use as a required by the Law on land
Blue prints of construction plan, cross section, typical vertical cut section, foundation plan, position plan, electricity and water plan with technical connection point for electricity, water and sewage system.
Recipient Agency and processing duration:
Department of Investment and Planning (receiving records and transfer to Construction Department)Duration: within 02 working days.
Construction Department (consideration for issuance) Duration: within 15 working days.
Investment and Planning Department
Address: Tran Phu roal, Tan Dan ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
TeL:+84-210 3 846 581
Fax: +84-210 3 840 955
Email: pitc.phutho@gmail.com
Website:www.dpi.phutho.gov.vn
Phu Tho Investment, Trade and Tourism Promotion Center (Investors supporting and consulting agency)
Address: Tran Phu road, Tan Dan ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tex:+84-210 3 993 689
Fax: +84-210 3 993 589
Email: ptic.phutho@gmail.com
Website:www.dpi.phutho.gov.vn
Phu Tho Culture, Sport and Tourism Department (assisting investors)
Division of Resource and Tourism Development
Address: Tran Phu road, Tan Dan ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tex:+84-210 3 686 979
Fax: +84-210 3 848 545
Email: tainguyendulichphutho@gmail.com
PMU of Culture, Sport and Tourism
Address: Tran Phu road, Tan Dan ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tex:+84-210 3 940 531
Fax: +84-210 3 952 068
LUNAR NEW YEAR 2015 ACTIVITIES
New year news paper exhibition
From 8.00 am, Feb 12th to Feb 24th 2015
Sa Pa library - Cau May street, Sapa town
Art exhibition "Sa Pa Spring"
From 8:30, Feb 14th to Feb 24th2015
Xuan vien park, Sapa town
Lunar New year 2015 opening ceremony
rom 20:00, Feb 18th 2015 (Dec 30th - lunar calendar)
Culture, sport, traditonal games of ethnic minorities.
From 8:30, Feb 13th 2015 to Feb 23rd 2015. (Dec 25th to Jan 5th -lunar calendar)
Music performance "upland color"
From 20:00, Feb 21st 2015 (Jan 3rd - lunar calendar)
Sapa love market
Từ 21h00', ngày 21/02/2015(tức ngày 3 tháng Giêng)
Playing Tennis
Culture, sport, traditonal games of ethnic minorities.
From 8:00, Feb 14th to Feb 24th2015
Culture and art activities of the H'mong people.
From 8:00, Feb 14th to Feb 24th2015
San Sa Ho’s Cat Cat Tourism area
Lunar new year festival
Time
Location
The H'mong flute competition
8:00, Feb 22nd 2015 (Jan 4th - lunar calendar)
Xoe Festival - Tay minority.
8:00, Feb 24th 2015 (Jan 6th - lunar calendar)
Thanh Phu Commune, Sapa District
Giao Duyen Festival - Dao minority.
8:00 am, Feb 27th 2015 (Jan 9thlunar calendar )
Ta Phin Commune, Sapa District
Gauxtao Festival - San Sa Ho commune
8:00, Feb 28th 2015 (Jan 10th - lunar calendar)
San Sa Ho Commune, Sapa District
Gauxtao Festival - Ta Giang Phin commune
8:00, March 1st 2015 (Jan 11th - lunar calendar)
Ta Giang Phin Commune, Sapa District
Xuong Dong Festival - Ta Van Commune
8:00, March 5th 2015 (Jan 15th - lunar calendar)
Ta Van Commune, Sapa District
Nam Giao Royal Offering Ritual
The Nam Giao Royal Offering Ritual was a traditional ceremony during the Nguyen dynasty which aimed to wish for favorable weather conditions, prosperity, and peace.
This year, the ceremony will be held in a solemn atmosphere with all traditional rites.
Thanks to its good nature and sincerity, the Offering Ritual has received the support of and will include participation from the people of the Ancient Capital.
Nam Giao Esplanade
Grand Opening Ceremony
The Grand Opening Ceremony presents a harmonious synthesis of traditional values and the contemporary arts of Hue, thus reflecting the rich and diverse cultural heritage of Vietnam and other nations from five continents.
Art performances will take place on a splendid, specially designed stage that brings the audiences to a brilliant “art banquet." The event is concluded by a stunning firework spectacle that promises to satisfy onlookers.
Noon Gate Square
Street performances of L'Homme Debout
At Hue Festival 2016, the company L'Homme Debout will present a poetic spectacle called Shining Stars in the Night, which evokes the intimate paths in the human mind with complicated feelings of conflict, retreat, wandering, and even collapse.
In the performance, a giant puppet of 7 meters in height, Liédo will be animated by professional artists and 40 local people. His amazing movements are accompanied by music, lights, and fireworks.
Trinh Cong Son Park
Ao Dai Show: “The Beginning of a Legend”
Featuring the theme “The Beginning of a Legend," the Ao Dai Show of Hue Festival 2016 will be held at Quoc Hoc Square and will inspire the audience with collections of diverse styles by designers from the northern,centrall and southern regions. The show will gather beauty queens, professional models, and more than 100 well-known artists and singers such as Quang Linh, Van Khanh, Quang Hao, etc., under the artistic leadership of Director Dinh Anh Dung.
Quoc Hoc Square
Street Parade: “Heritage and Cultural Colors”
During past Hue Festivals, Street Parades have created a joyful atmosphere and fabulously contributed to exciting the crowd.
With the theme “Heritage and Cultural Colors," the parade this year will be renewed with participation of member countries in the Forum of East Asia - Latin America Cooperation (FEALAC).
The synergy between the talents of international and Vietnamese artists and the excitement of the public will create a space of friendship at Hue Festival 2016.
Provincial Center for Culture &amp; Information
Imperial Night Program
As one of the highlights of Hue Festival, the “Imperial Night” reveals the unparalleled, shimmering beauty of the Imperial City at night time. The program features various displays of royal music and dance, royal and folk games, as well as exceptional sound, and video effects in the mystifying settings of the Citadel.
The royal banquet, to be taken place at Can Chanh Palace at 19:30, is definitely the heart of the Imperial Night's celebrations.
It is a distinctive combination between Hue royal cuisine and royal art; where participants will have a chance to taste the essence of gastronomy and enjoy the performing art of the old days.
Hue Citadel
Closing Ceremony
The Closing Ceremony will be meticulously staged with the participation of domestic and international art troupes.
It is a mixture of tradition and modernity that will create a feast of all emotions for this farewell. Until the next rendezvous!
Noon Gate Square
Fringe Activities
"Japanese Culture and Cuisine"
3/2 Park
Festival “Diabetes and Metabolic Disorders”
Green hotel Hue
Hue Science Festival 2016
Taking the theme “Medical Achievements towards Community Health”, the Hue Science Festival 2016 will be held from April 28 to May 1, with two major contents: symposia and workshops, and community-oriented activities with a variety of activities such as free health consulting, enhancing the understanding on science fields in the community, introducing and promoting the health-care achievements and information to the public.
Hue College of Medicine and Pharmacy
International Trade Fair
Comprising of more than 600 booths from domestic and international businesses and enterprises, the International Trade Fair at Hue Festival 2016 will be held to introduce and exchange cultures as well as specific products between the participating countries and territories. This is the opportunity for domestic business circle to promote their brand names and services to foreign investors and tourists, promote trade links and cooperation with the countries in the East-West Economic Corridor in the context of the international economic integration. In the Fair, many exhibitions will also be held to introduce visitors the cultural, social and economic achievements, the potentials and advantages of the domestic enterprises, the preferential investment policies as well as the development in productions of local businesses and traditional craft villages. All of these activities will serve trade promotion and market development.
Thua Thien Hue Sports Center
Hue International Cuisine Festival 2016
Taking place at Phu Xuan Park (Nghinh Luong Pavilion – Phu Van Lau Pavilion), the Hue International Cuisine Festival 2016 will assemble more than 100 domestic and international booths from cities and provinces nationwide and those of South East Asia and Asia such as Japan, Korea, China, Taiwan, etc.
The event is to honor the quintessence of Viet Nam and international culinary culture as well as to boost cultural exchange and cooperation between Viet Nam and other countries in the region and the world.
Nghinh Luong Pavilion
National Senior Golf Championship 2016
Laguna Lang Co’s Golf Court
Book &amp; Stamp Publications Fair
Provincial Center for Culture &amp; Information
Vegetarian cuisine court “Friendly environment – Happy life”
Lieu Quan Buddhist Cultural Center
Hue Science Festival 2016
Taking the theme “Medical Achievements towards Community Health”, the Hue Science Festival 2016 will be held from April 28 to May 1, with two major contents: symposia and workshops, and community-oriented activities with a variety of activities such as free health consulting, enhancing the understanding on science fields in the community, introducing and promoting the health-care achievements and information to the public.
Ly Tu Trong Park
First meeting of the project: FEALAC Network of Cultural Cities
Saigon Morin Hotel
Kite Flying
Since ancient times, flying kite has been considered a creative recreation.
It has connected closely with many Vietnamese generation’s childhood and windy sky.
Kite is the symbol of peace, freedom and desire.
It reflects the burning dream of man to reach the sky. The Kite Flying Fiesta “Wings of Vietnam” in Hue Festival 2016 is an opportunity for people of Hue and tourists to enjoy the beautiful and novel kites of kite clubs from all over the country.
Phu Van Lau
Hue Beer Festival
Nghinh Luong Pavilion
Exhibit of Woodblock Prints from Sinh Village
Over 400 years of existence, the folk paintings of Sinh village have carried within themselves numerous precious traditional folk art values.
Through time and social changes, the values of Sinh paintings have gradually been faded and deformed, many paintings and printing-boards are no longer in their original forms or missing.
The exhibition of folk paintings of Sinh village within the framework of Hue Festival 2016 is an activity aiming to reaffirm the reputation of a famous folk painting genre. It also gives locals and tourists an opportunity to directly print paintings as well as explore their meaning, contributing the conservation and promotion of the cultural and artistic values of Hue.
3/2 Park
The festivity "Rural Market on Festive Days"
Being held every two years as a fringe activity of the Hue Festival, the “Rural Market on Festive Days” Festivity is an opportunity to promote the original attraction of Huong Thuy District and special local produces.
The festivity is associated with new, attractive cultural, artistic, tourist and community activities to create a driving force for local socio-economic development.
Joining the festivity, visitors will be immersed in a peaceful and relaxed ambience of a typical Vietnamese village, despite its busy atmosphere of a new harvest. It reminds them of their beloved hometowns and brings childhood memories flooding back.
http://www.huefestival.com/index.php?cat_id=631
Thanh Toan roofed bridge, Huong Thuy Town
Sampam Racing
Sampan racing is a traditional sport infused with the national cultural identity. This activity is held every year in an effort to promote the mutual understanding, exchanging and solidarity among locals. It also enhances the tradition of sport practicing among people of Thua Thien Hue province.
Ly Tu Trong Park
Children's Fiesta "Colors of Childhood"
“Colours of Childhood” is a fiesta within Hue Festival that gives children a chance to play, learn, express and discover themselves.
This year, the fiesta will take place from April 30 to May 2 at Hue Children’s House and Nguyen Van Troi park with a variety of activities such as painting drawing, paper torn and pasted painting themed “The Colours of the Country”, folk songs festival “The Melody of My Homeland”, costume ball and cheerleading dance program entitled “Sparkling Colours” for students of primary and secondary schools in the city of Hue.
Hue Children's House
Hue Science Festival 2016
Taking the theme “Medical Achievements towards Community Health”, the Hue Science Festival 2016 will be held from April 28 to May 1, with two major contents: symposia and workshops, and community-oriented activities with a variety of activities such as free health consulting, enhancing the understanding on science fields in the community, introducing and promoting the health-care achievements and information to the public.
Hue College of Medicine and Pharmacy
National Hiphop Festival of Urban Jam
“Fragrances of an Ancient Village”
Joining the “Fragrances of an Ancient Village” festivity, visitors will have a chance to enjoy the pristine beauty and tranquility of a 500-year-old village with many ancient houses and temples. People can come across traditional crafts such as pottery making in Phuoc Tich, wood carving in My Xuyen, or participate in flying kites and other sport games such as soccer, volley ball and tug of war on the beach of Dien Loc village.
Beside Phuoc Tich and My Xuyen, visitors will have an opportunity to explore other famous traditional craft villages in Phong Dien district, for example Pho Trach village with sedge based production, Phong Hai village with fish sauce making, Phong Chuong village with rice liquor production and Phong My village with fermented young bamboo production.
Phuoc Tich Village, Phong Dien District
Bike parade "Business Community with the environment and wildlife protection
Nguyen Dinh Chieu Walking Street
Hue Poetry Festival
Being held on the side of the Huong river, Hue Poetry Festival is an opportunity for poets of the Writers’ Association of Thua Thien Hue and other provinces to exchange and recite the lyrical poems praising the country, people and islands.
Int'l workshop: Royal and common culinary art - the extraordinary feature of Hue in the development of tourism
Indochine Palace Hotel - Hue
Rock Concert "The Ancient Capital's Heat"
Hot Air Balloon Festival
Ham Nghi Yard
Music Programs
Street music by Hue’s clubs
Lang Du Band
With the great success of Lang Du’s concerts at the last Hue Festival, the band and singer Dong Lan is returning to Hue Festival 2016 with an exclusive concert of passionate flamenco music and French love songs at An Dinh Palace, and at the vibrant and improvisational street performances in the afternoons.
An Dinh Palace
The State Academic Kuban Cossack Chorus, Russia
Kien Trung's Stage
Della Mae Band - The U.S
Della Mea (Boston, Massachusetts) was born in 2009 from a yearning for a traditional bluegrass sound in the heart of New England.
When the band started, there was not a single all-women bluegrass band on the national touring scene.
One of the main goals of Della Mae from the start was to showcase strong women in bluegrass.
Their musical style seamlessly blends years of experience with traditional mountain music and modern singer-songwriter sensibilities.
Thai Hoa's Western Stage
Paulina y el Buscapié Band – Mexico
At Hue Festival 2016, Paulina y el Buscapié will introduce to the audience their second album titled Vetanas a la Calle.
In this album, the band interprets new compositions, seeking to open a window between the music and the audience, inviting them to look outside to the street – the public space – and reflect with each song the multiple approaches of the diverse and complex present.
An Dinh Palace
Michal Milczarek Trio – Poland
Michał Milczarek Trio is one of the most interesting young bands on the Polish jazz scene.
The group creates instrumental music which is a combination of modern jazz, rock and electronic.
It is known as one of the fastest prospering groups in Polish improvised music. The band is known for a very intense concert activity, and Trio performances are considered to be extremely spontaneous and presenting jazz in a decidedly rock perspective.
Royal Theater
Giao thoi Band
Giao Thoi has been considered as a diverse group. Its repertoire is blended with not only the contemporary folk music and dance but also the world intangible cultural heritage such as the “Quan ho”, “Then” singing, “Ca Tru”, Hue traditional folk songs and the Southern folk music. With the ambition to bring traditional music closer to young audiences, the group has renewed their compositions and created unique remixes by integrating modern music with the timbres of traditional instruments.
Thai Hoa's Western Stage
Germein Sisters Band – Australia
Australia’s Germein Sisters are a young indie pop band, singing catchy songs full of sunshine and a whole lot of heart.
Georgia, Ella, and Clara’s harmonies blend perfectly, with an intangible closeness unique to siblings.
Their infectious songs and upbeat performances immediately started attracting public attention.
The girls released their debut album "Because You Breathe" in Australia and Europe to much celebration and critical acclaim.
Cancer Band – Denmark
Cancer is a new duo consisting of When Saints Go Machine lead singer and producer Nikolaj Manuel Vonsild and Chorus Grant lead singer and guitarist Kristian Finne Kristensen. The two songwriters and friends have been working on creating a new and unique musical universe for several years.
Nikolaj Manuel Vonsild is known for his characteristic, beautiful, and soulful vocals in When Saints Go Machine’s electronic music. Kristian Finne is known for his warm and ever-present vocals and the analog sound of guitars, bass, and drums in Chorus Grant.
Stealing Sheep - The U.K
Stealing Sheep are a pop band from Liverpool, England, who formed in 2010. The three members are Rebecca Hawley (vocals and keyboards), Emily Lansley (vocals and guitar) and Lucy Mercer (vocals and drums).
Their acclaimed 2012 debut, 'Into the Diamond Sun', morphed their individual styles to create a 'medieval-kraut-folk' inspired sound. They were described as an unanticipated 'pagan pop revival' and since its release, have toured around Europe.
For second album ‘Not Real’ they have concentrated on developing the sonic aesthetic of their music. They've experimented with tuned percussion, programmed beats, trigger samples and worked with effected synths, utilising the guitar and lap steel more sparingly and introducing more processed sounds.
The release of ‘Not Real’ in April 2015 was met with critical acclaim in the UK and Europe and a Summer of festivals followed including a stunning set at Glastonbury.
Paulina y el Buscapié Band – Mexico
At Hue Festival 2016, Paulina y el Buscapié will introduce to the audience their second album titled Vetanas a la Calle.
In this album, the band interprets new compositions, seeking to open a window between the music and the audience, inviting them to look outside to the street – the public space – and reflect with each song the multiple approaches of the diverse and complex present.
Fuzeta Band – France
FUZETA, who recently played at the International Contemporary Music Festival (Rencontres Transmusicales) in Rennes, dreamed to be the ferrymen to bring American pop music across the ocean.
The Breton quartet prove to be deserving successors with their awe-inspiring performances, no matter what disclosure they made about their improvised style.
Despite the influences from Grandaddy and Bon Iver, FUZETA still creates its own signature sound with a fantastic harmony of its members’ unique and fresh voices. They are undoubtedly one of the most sought after French groups in the indie rock scene.
Hoang Rob &amp; GEN9 Quartet
Traditional Arts
Okinawa Art Troupe - Takamine Hisae – Japan
The Okinawa Dance Ensemble is led by Mrs. Takamine Hisae, professor at Okinawa University of Arts and chairperson of the Ryukyu Okinawa Dance Association, who has made a major contribution in training numerous generations of artists.
Its repertoire focuses mainly on the art of singing and dancing that was formed through the trading and development process of the Ryukyu Kingdom with other countries in the area.
Royal Theater
Vietnamese Timber Show
Continuing the success of the previous Hue Festivals, this year, traditional musical values of Vietnam will be glorified once again in the opulent space of Dien Tho Palace through the talents of Phu Xuan Royal Court Music &amp; Folk Singing Club together with artists, artisans from Thai Ha “Ca tru” Club (Hanoi), “Bai Choi” and “Ho” Singing Conservation &amp; Development Center (Quang Ngai) and Danang Folk Singing Club.
Dien Tho Palace
Thang Long Music and Dance Theatre
Kien Trung's Stage
Youth Dance Ensemble - Sri Lanka
The Youth Dance Ensemble will make every effort to help Sri Lankan youth to improve their creativity and to ensure cultural exchange programmes with other countries whilst contributing to the promotion of Sri Lankan heritage.
In Hue Festival 2016, the Youth Dance Ensemble will introduce three distinct indigenous dance forms with a history of over 2500 years. They are identified as Kandyan, Pahatharata and Sabaragamuwa dance forms.
Can Chanh Stage - Hue Citadel
Fundación Changó Music Group
Being founded in 2004, Changó Pacific Music Foundation (Fundación de Música del Pacifico Changó) is an organization dedicated to preserving, strengthening, and spreading traditional music from Colombia’s South Pacific Coast.
The group’s music, which includes pango, patacoré, and caramba, among many others, reflects the unique cultural makeup of the region, including its African influence.
Dancing Programs
Halleluya Dance Group – Israel
The fresh and dazzling Halleluya dance group has swept Israel and the world, with its youthful spirit, love of dance and diversified repertoire.
The company was created in 1988 by Barry Avidan, the choreographer and artistic director. The group has already appeared on many TV networks and many stages around the world, sharing its colorful performances to dance lovers in Israel and abroad.
Halleluya Dance Company is embarking on a tour with a renewed program from the latest creations of Mr. Barry Avidan, full of contemporary creation with traditional ethnic influences.
Thai Hoa's Eastern Stage
Amurskie Zori Dance Group – Russia
Being founded in 1989 with 218 talented children aged from 16 to 18, the folk dance group Amurskie Zori was named after the folk dance “Amurskie Zori”.
The group’s choreographer - Kuznetsov Pavel has worked as a choreographer for over 32 years.
In its repertoires, the group performs Russian folk dances, traditional dances of the Far Eastern region and others.
In 1994, Amurskie Zori was confered the title “The National Ensemble of Russia”.
Phuoc Tich Village, Phong Dien District
Youth Dance Ensemble - Sri Lanka
The Youth Dance Ensemble will make every effort to help Sri Lankan youth to improve their creativity and to ensure cultural exchange programmes with other countries whilst contributing to the promotion of Sri Lankan heritage.
In Hue Festival 2016, the Youth Dance Ensemble will introduce three distinct indigenous dance forms with a history of over 2500 years. They are identified as Kandyan, Pahatharata and Sabaragamuwa dance forms.
Halleluya dance group – Israel
The fresh and dazzling Halleluya dance group has swept Israel and the world, with its youthful spirit, love of dance and diversified repertoire.
The company was created in 1988 by Barry Avidan the choreographer and the Artistic director. The group has already appeared on many TV networks and many stages in the world, sweeping its colorful performances to dance lovers in Israel and abroad.
Halleluya Dance Company is embarking on a tour with a renewed program from the latest creations of Mr. Barry Avidan, full of contemporary creation with traditional ethnic influences.
Youth Dance Ensemble - Sri Lanka
The Youth Dance Ensemble will make every effort to help Sri Lankan youth to improve their creativity and to ensure cultural exchange programmes with other countries whilst contributing to the promotion of Sri Lankan heritage.
In Hue Festival 2016, the Youth Dance Ensemble will introduce three distinct indigenous dance forms with a history of over 2500 years. They are identified as Kandyan, Pahatharata and Sabaragamuwa dance forms.
Par Terre Dance Group – France
Autarcie is a successful piece of dance by Anne Nguyen, a Vietnamese-French choreographer who was awarded the 2013 SACD New Choreography Talent Prize.
Autarcie depicts a strategy game, in which four dancers engage in a frantic ritual and improvised dance.
By using dance techniques such as breaking, popping, and waacking as abstract body language, each artist expresses his strong personality on the stage in seeking his own territory, alliance, and position among the intense and unbridled rhythms of electronic drums.
Thai Hoa's Eastern Stage
Yoon Muyung Hwa Dance Ensemble – Korea
Yoon Myung Hwa Dance Ensemble was founded in 1998 in an attempt to promote Korean traditional dances and create new ones inspired by authentic dances.
The ensemble has consistently pursued this approach throughout its development process.
The ensemble has received widespread appreciation for the aesthetic value of its performances both in Korea and abroad.
Can Chanh Stage - Hue Citadel
Amurskie Zori Dance Group – Russia
Being founded in 1989 with 218 talented children aged from 16 to 18, the folk dance group Amurskie Zori was named after the folk dance “Amurskie Zori”.
The group’s choreographer - Kuznetsov Pavel has worked as a choreographer for over 32 years.
In its repertoires, the group performs Russian folk dances, traditional dances of the Far Eastern region and others.
In 1994, Amurskie Zori was confered the title “The National Ensemble of Russia”.
Thanh Toan roofed bridge, Huong Thuy Town
Exhibitions, Displays, Installation Art
Display of "Imperial Records of Nguyen Dynasty and the administrative organization of its court
Long Roofed Corridor - Hue Citadel
Exhibition: “Painting street”
Le Ngo Cat Street
Antique exhibit: “Artistic and Cultural Heritage of Ancient Buddhism &amp; Hinduism in Southern Regions”
Lieu Quan Buddhist Cultural Center
Display of Hue Kites
Hue Cultural Museum
Display of the Nguyen Dynasty's Golden Seals and Books
Hue Museum of Royal Fine Arts
"Hue - Saigon - Hanoi" Fine Arts Exhibition
Hue Cultural Museum
Display of two antique collections entitled "the tale of thousand-year antiques" by Lam Du Xenh and Nguyen Huu Hoang
Photo exhibit "Forests vs Hue Cultural Heritages"
Tu Tuong Park
Display: Collections of Japanese’s Pottery and Craft Products during the 18th and 20th centuries
Painting exhibition "Rendezvous"
Tran Dinh Son Private Museum – Hue
Ho Chi Minh Museum
Display of the Nguyen Dynasty and Hue of the past
Long Roofed Corridor - Hue Citadel
Exhibition: “Truc Chi Art – The History of Long An Palace”
Hue Museum of Royal Fine Arts
Exhibit of Restored Pottery Wares from Ly - Tran Dynasties by Artisan Tran Do
Interior Ministry, Imperial City
Exhibition: “The Cultural Imprints of Hue – The Ancient Capital and The Red River Delta via Traditional Craft Products”
Historical and Revolutionary Museum
Bonsai exhibit: “Orchids from the three regions of Vietnam and Hue Bonsai”
Co Ha Royal Garden, Imperial City
Exhibition: “Heritage Magazine and Hue Cultural Heritage”
Kien Trung's Stage
Painting exhibition on Composer Trinh Cong Son
Exhibit of “Royal confectioneries” presented by artisan Hoang Anh
Art Programs
Viet Bac Folk Ensemble
The Viet Bac Folk Ensemble was founded in 1953 with its major tasks to compile and showcase the distinctive art genres of ethnic minorities in the Northern region and promote cultural exchanges with other countries in the world.
With its rich repertoires which are imbued with regional identity, humanity and affections for the people and the country, the Viet Bac Folk Ensemble has contributed a great deal to the conservation and the development of Vietnamese culture.
The Central Cultural Palace of Mongolia
Guangdong Multi-Arts Ensemble – China
The Guangdong’s Silk Road Ensemble is comprised of talented artists and inheritors of intangible cultural heritage from Zhanjiang Dance Troupe, Guangdong Folk Dance and Classical Opera Theatre, Guangdong and Nanchang Music and Dance Troupes, and Guangzhou Vaudeville Theatre.
The Guangdong’s Silk Road Ensemble will present an exclusive and diversified repertoir of colorful ethnic dances in congruence with unrivaled traditional folk music and magic tricks reflecting the beauty of Lingnan’s culture.
Thai Hoa's Eastern Stage
Pantomime artist Jean-Louis Danvoye
Representing the Wallonie – Bruxlles region in Hue Festival 2016, Jean-Louis Danvoye will co-operate with the Vietnamese pantomime artist Hoang Tung to present the play “To see or not to see”.
This humorous wordless play is a perfect combination of mime art, the romance of visison and the ashtonishing spirit of the clowns.
The artists will take audience into their glamorous skits with skilled techniques and endless imagination.
Thang Long Music and Dance Theatre
Founded in 1960 with the original name of the Hanoi Music &amp; Dance Ensemble, Thang Long Music and Dance Theatre always successfully completes its tasks.
During its 56 years of development, the theatre has conducted over a thousand of performances in the country and abroad and positively contributed to the development of Vietnam’s culture
Viet Bac Folk Ensemble
The Viet Bac Folk Ensemble was founded in 1953 with its major tasks to compile and showcase the distinctive art genres of ethnic minorities in the Northern region and promote cultural exchanges with other countries in the world.
With its rich repertoires which are imbued with regional identity, humanity and affections for the people and the country, the Viet Bac Folk Ensemble has contributed a great deal to the conservation and the development of Vietnamese culture.
Thanh Toan roofed bridge, Huong Thuy Town
Belly Dancer Hong Hanh &amp; Sadie Dance Group
Being the belly artist that first paved the way for Vietnam's Belly Dance community to join the international arena, Do Hong Hanh has won over 20 awards at different contests of this art form.
Hanh also contributes actively to the development of this genre by joining judge panels of domestic and international belly dance contests and training Vietnam’s belly dance talents to attend major international competitions held annually.Besides, she has achieved a great success with the two belly dance groups, namely Sadie (for the age of 13 years and older) and Ministars (under 12 years of age).
Taking part in Hue Festival 2016, Hong Hanh and Sadie Belly Dance Group will ignite audiences with their inspiring and alluring dances.
Pantomime artist Jean-Louis Danvoye
Representing the Wallonie – Bruxelles region at Hue Festival 2016, Jean-Louis Danvoye will partner with the Vietnamese pantomime artist Hoang Tung to present the play “To see or not to see”.
This humorous wordless play is a perfect combination of mime art, the romantic visison and the astonishing spirit of the clowns.
The artists will invite the audience into their glamorous skits with skilled techniques and endless imagination.
The Central Cultural Palace of Mongolia
Bong Sen Traditional Music and Dance Theatre
The State Academic Kuban Cossack Chorus, Russia
The State Academic Kuban Cossack Chorus is the oldest Russian folk chorus, with a history that goes back to 1811.
At that time it was a military choir of the Kuban Cossack Army, based in Ekaterinodar, the capital city of the South Russian province of Kuban, performing mostly in churches during religious services. Later, the Chorus started to give secular stage performances, and its repertoire got broader with classical pieces and folk songs.
For over 200 years now the Chorus has been a symbol and pride of Russian folk art.
The Chorus received highest awards for its great contributions in Russian culture.
It is the only company in Russia that received an honorary title of Ambassador of “SOCHI 2014” Olympics.
The temperament, originality and superior skills of the State Academic Kuban Cossack Chorus have received enthusiastic applauses in many countries as well as much praises from the national and foreign press and prominent figures in arts.
Yangpyeong Dance Ensemble – Korea
Vietnam Institute of Culture and Arts Studies
Time Period The scientific inventory was carried out during the following times:
Phase 1: August 25 – September 30, 2010;
Phases 2 and 3: October 5, 2010 – February 30, 2011.
Objectives The scientific inventory had the following objectives:
To survey and assess the situation of the worship of Hùng Kings among Vi?t communities within Phú Thọ province, where the worship of Hùng Kings originated and whence it has been passed on;
To systematically collect data provided by these communities in order to assess the existing situation of material heritage and cultural-religious activities directly related to the Hùng Kings, and draw on these data in planning for the further collection, preservation and promotion of the cultural-heritage values of the worship of Hùng Kings (as it has been carried out on different scales and at different levels for many years);
To collect scientific evidence in accordance with UNESCO’s guidelines and criteria, and later include this evidence in the profile to be submitted to  UNESCO for inscription of the worship of Hùng Kings on the Representative List of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
Locations
Characteristics of Residential Areas and the System of Belief Practice and Festivals Related to the Worship of Hùng Kings
The area comprising all the villages/hamlets in which Hùng Kings worship and festivals related to figures of the Hùng Kings period take place is very  large, covering the eastern, northern and western parts of Phú Thọ province (12 out of 13 districts, towns and cities, and 74 out of 275 communes, wards and towns with 109 villages, hamlets and residential quarters); many of these sites can be found in two central areas, consisting of the communes, wards and towns of Vi?t Trì City and Lâm Thao District.
A unique character is worshipped in each of the belief spaces of nearly all the villages in these 12 districts, towns, and cities of Phú Thọ province.
As a  first step, we focus on the worship of Hùng Kings; later other characters will be examined as additional data relevant to determining the scale of worship.
Selection of Villages for the Scientific Inventory The selection of villages for the scientific inventory was made with attention to the following issues:
On the basis of the Hùng Kings Family Tree, legends, conferments and petition sheets currently kept in the vicinity of Hùng Kings temples and shrines in communes of Lâm Thao District, Vi?t Trì City, as well as Sino-Vietnamese documents held by the Institute of Sino Studies, Vietnam Academy of Social Sciences, where titles of Hùng Kings are granted by different feudal dynasties (mostly from the 15th century and later), villages, hamlets and residential quarters worshipping the Hùng Kings are determined by the following criteria:
First, villages, hamlets and residential quarters with worshipping sites dedicated to figures named as Hùng Kings;
Second, villages, hamlets and residential quarters with  worshipping sites dedicated to the Hùng Kings under folk names (nicknames or names used because of certain taboos, etc.) such as ?t S?n Thánh V??ng, Vi?n S?n Thánh V??ng, ??t Ng?t Cao S?n and Cao S?n Thánh V??ng;
Third, villages, hamlets and residential quarters with worshipping sites dedicated to the Hùng Kings following the two above-mentioned criteria which existed before 1945, although they might no longer have worshipping sites or their worshipping sites are now in ruins, are also considered in  the determination of the cultural space of Hùng Kings worship;
Locations where there are worshipping sites under other names (such as ??c Thánh Sa L?c, ??i V??ng Thọ?ng ??ng Thọn, Hi?n Lang ??i V??ng, Hi?n Công ??i V??ng and ?ông H?i ??i V??ng) are also seen as worshipping sites dedicated to the Hùng Kings, and are named in a separate list to be investigated later.
In general, villages, hamlets and residential quarters to be investigated during this inventory are located in a semi-mountainous region where the mountains drop from the southwest (Yên L?p, Thanh S?n, Thanh Thọy, Tam Nông, and C?m Khê districts) to the northeast (Lâm Thao District, Vi?t Trì City, Phù Ninh District, Phú Thọ Town, Thanh Ba, ?oan Hùng, and H? Hòa districts). Around Ngh?a L?nh stand low hills at the centre of the midlands.
Thousands of years ago, this area played a very important economic, social and cultural role, being both the site of the natural development of a community and the site where the Hùng Kings established the capital city of V?n Lang.
One can see that the direction in which the mountains fall – from northwest to southeast – is also the direction in which three major rivers flow – the Thao, the Lô, and the ?à – together contributing to the creation of fertile lands along their banks where communities of farmers developed and at the same time contributing to the formation of the delta.
The main livelihoods of people living within this area have remained almost the same to this day – wet-rice cultivation and animal husbandry.
Archeological evidence collected over the past 50 years shows that people of the ancient cultures of Phùng Nguyên, ??ng ??u, Gò Mun and ?ông S?n built houses, workshops and tombs in this area.
From a geographical-cultural perspective, the Vi?t–M??ng people have a long history.
The society was animistic, worshipping mountain gods, ancestors, tutelary gods and Buddhism.
Historically, Phú Thọ Province lies within the area of settlement and cultural intersection between the countries of V?n Lang and Âu L?c. This area also served as a gate for exchange between the delta area, with the cultures of the northwest, and part of Vi?t B?c (North of Hanoi).
Generations of inhabitants of this area had close political, economic, cultural and social relationships with each other.
The area has a long history of formation  involving   many  important  events related  to  the establishment, development and protection of the country by the ancient Vi?t people together with other ethnic groups.
Research Methods
Research methods included interviews by questionnaire, in-depth interviews, focus-group interviews, recording oral histories, and statistics. The research was carried out in a participatory way with respect for community voices, with one of its aims being preservation of history.
An interdisciplinary research approach (including bibliography, archeology, text studies, and museum studies) was also taken for analysis and comparison of different sources of information and determination of the subject of the investigation and inventory.
Difficulties
Over the long history of the area's development, because of natural geological changes and social and economic changes following different administrative structures, many place names have changed with old  names being replaced by new. Knowledgeable people are few, texts have not been transferred sustainably or systematically to younger generations, many administrative places have shifted or been extended, many belief practices and customs have degraded (especially in the period since 1945), and in many cases contemporary culture has supplanted traditional culture.
Gaps have appeared in the generational transfer of traditional culture because of war and other historical-social conditions.
On field trips to the localities, we noticed that many sites associated with the worship of Hùng Kings (communal halls, temples, Buddhist temples, shrines) had been destroyed or seriously damaged.
There are also cases where temples/communal halls have been moved to new sites for restoration, and re- built with new techniques, forms and materials, and as a result have become religiously unattractive or irrelevant to their communities.
In most of the places investigated, the cultural staff and commune managers are young people who have limited capacities and understandings of  traditional culture, do not understand or cannot meet standard requirements of cultural management, and are incapable of helping local people collect, investigate and preserve their heritage.
As a result, many valuable heritage sites which were destroyed or damaged have not received the necessary attention for development of restoration plans or submission of requests for financial support from the authorities.
Since 1996, most residential areas which in the past were villages and hamlets have been changed into numbered residential quarters (Residential Quarter No.1, No.2, No.3, etc.).
Thus, the traditional names of many villages and hamlets which had existed for thousands years, were rooted deeply in the minds of local people and were closely associated with the characteristics and origins of each village/hamlet as well as many other traditional values have been eliminated.
In addition, several large, densely populated villages/hamlets have also been divided into residential quarters.
Now, only in residential quarters where worshipping sites are situated do local people pay much  attention to or know (at differing levels) about the worship.
In other residential quarters, people are much less attached to the belief, and therefore their awareness and sense of responsibility have faded.
In many villages, sites associated with Hùng Kings worship were destroyed (for different reasons) many decades ago, and the worshipping space in some villages/hamlets has been taken over for use by local authorities or individuals.
Thus, in many places it is almost impossible to restore ancient belief activities – a great  loss to the culture.
The worship of Hùng Kings is a cultural activity originating from a dynasty passed on in legends.
All the figures associated with this ancient period over thousands of years of worship by common people have been molded and transformed according to diverse cultural layers and customs.
herefore, even when they exist in the same worshipping space, sometimes it is very difficult  to name the main worshipped figure.
In many places it is difficult to identify worshipped  figures  because  of  ambiguity  and transformation  (due  to hèm customs or perceptions) as well as replacement of figures (between Hùng Kings and related figures).
Due to the limited time allocated to the inventory and limited number of professional staff, the work of data collection together with the community showed certain shortcomings. These shortcomings partly reflect in the results of the inventory and investigation, especially in the evaluation of typical expressions of the heritage and the system of ancient languages which are closely associated with the traditional festivals in particular and cultural activities of the villages/communes in general.
Advantages
During the time carrying out the inventory, the research group received a great deal of support from local authorities, district/commune cultural staff and village heads who worked to create favorable working conditions for the group.
In particular, almost all the hamlet heads and commune cultural staff participated directly in organizing focus-group interviews in the localities, actively addressing issues raised during the interviews and contributing greatly to the production of results from the interviews.
All the local people (especially the elderly people and members of the festival management board) either directly or indirectly participated  in providing information. They were enthusiastic and formed a consensus in  regard to the preservation, promotion and dissemination of Hùng Kings worship and festivals related to the Hùng Kings in their localities.
Many elderly people provided the research group with valuable documents which individuals had collected, complied or translated and which serve well as references for the questionnaires.
Support from members of the heritage site management board and association of elderly people in villages in organizing and facilitating interviews helped the research group a great deal in ensuring the quality of the inventory.
Investigation–Inventory Results
Given the above-mentioned advantages and surmounted difficulties, the research group achieved certain results.
Documents and information provided  by the focus groups and by the questionnaires confirm the diversity, newness and systematicness of documentation and knowledge of Hùng Kings worship and festivals associated with the Hùng Kings in the past and the present.
Cultural-historical heritage sites were identified in 12 districts, towns and cities (C?m Khê, ?oan Hùng, H? Hòa, Lame Theo, Phù Ninh, Tam Nông, Thanh Ba, Thanh S?n, Thanh Thọy and Yên L?p districts, Phú Thọ Town, and Vi?t Trì City) with 109 villages, hamlets and residential quarters being investigated, among which 46 villages and hamlets (in 29 communes, wards and towns) are home to cultural activities and festivals directly related to Hùng Kings worship, and have worshipping sites under the names of the original Hùng Kings or their 18 generations of descendants.
These villages and hamlets with existing heritage sites directly associated with Hùng Kings worship and festivals are mostly situated in Lâm Thao District and Vi?t Trì City.
The existence of a number of festivals directly associated with the worship of Hùng Kings in several villages and hamlets of C?m Khê District (Kh?ng T??c village), Lam Thao District (the two villages of Tr?o and Vi) and Vi?t Trì City (Hùng Lô village) with significant remnants (ponds, drill grounds of Hùng King troops, places where the Kings stopped to visit local people, places where the Kings celebrated the New Year together with villagers, places where the Kings taught people how to cultivate rice, etc.) and a number of ancient place names have provided important data, contributing to the success of the research on the culture and beliefs of the ancient Vi?t – M??ng people.
Together with the above-mentioned sites, there are also 139 sites in 52 communes (76 villages or hamlets) of 12 districts worshipping Hùng Kings under names such as Cao S?n Thánh V??ng, ??t Ng?t Cao S?n, ?t S?n Thánh V??ng and Vi?n S?n Thánh V??ng.
Specific Results from the Investigation-Inventory
The data obtained from the research contain a great deal of information which can be divided into two main groups: quantitative data (obtained using quantitative research methods such as questionnaires and statistics) and qualitative data (obtained using ethnographical methods and oral history recording, etc.)These data reflect on: a.cultural and belief activities and festivals related to the Hùng Kings which took place in the past; b/ cultural and belief activities and festivals related to the Hùng Kings which take place today; c.chief characteristics of these cultural and belief activities; d.the condition of the tangible culture associated with the belief and festival activities; and, e.issues relating to the preservation and promotion of the cultural values of the belief practices and festivals associated with the Hùng Kings in particular and figures of the Hùng King period in general.
Cultural and Belief Activities and Festivals in the Past
Cultural and Belief Activities Places serving the belief and festival activities were gradually established in all villages and hamlets by local communities over a period of many hundreds of years, in the form of communal halls, temples and shrines, of which communal halls made up more than 90%.
The inventory list shows the dense distribution and establishment of worshipping places related to the worship of Hùng Kings in Phú Thọ Province.
In 46 villages and hamlets having worshipping sites under the direct name of the Hùng Kings there are 43 communal halls, 6 temples and 2 Buddhist temples.
In 76 villages/hamlets having worshipping sites under the names of Cao S?n Minh V??ng, ??t Ng?t Cao S?n, ?t S?n Thánh V??ng or Vi?n S?n Thánh V??ng there are 99 communal halls, 15 temples, 18 shrines, and 7 Buddhist temples.
According to the oral histories obtained from elderly people, in most villages/hamlets, before 1945, the worshipping sites dedicated to the Hùng Kings  in  particular  and  other  figures  in  Phú  Thọ  Province  in general were established  during one  or the  other of two  historical periods.
Before  the  10th century, most of the worshipping sites (communal halls, temples, and shrines) were made of bamboo and with thatched roofs, while some were made in the form of a house on pillars to avoid predators and flooding.
Since the Lý Dynasty, and especially under the Lê Dynasty (the 15th century), with the permission of local authorities and the court, people in Phú Thọ Province (as in many other places) mobilized the community to build big (both in terms of architectural structure and interior) worshipping sites in villages. People also organized large-scale sacred and solemn festivals.
Besides paying attention to the sites through granting conferments and orders, feudal  governments  also gave permission for villages to restore worshipping sites in order to serve the belief activities, considering this a tool of the ruling apparatus  at  different levels.
For the period after 1945, due to the limited knowledge of local authorities, and because of the weather and natural conditions, most worshipping  sites (90%) in Phú Thọ Province were destroyed or ran to ruin.
The most serious destruction occurred in 1956–57, 1961 and 1975.
Only since the 1990s have many of these worshipping sites been restored to serve the needs of  local cultural and belief activities.
Due to economic conditions, most of the restored worshipping sites are smaller in scale and simpler in architecture than their originals.
However, about 20% of the sites in these villages/hamlets have been completely destroyed, for various objective and subjective reasons.
Only since the time of ??i M?i (Renovation) in Vietnam have rural communities had opportunities to improve their economy and enrich their culture by restoring traditional cultural practices.
Having examined the real situation of the worshipping sites and taken into account community opinions, we see that most villages associated with the worship of the Hùng Kings in particular and  cultural and belief activities in general now need higher-level policy and economic support to restore or upgrade the worshipping sites in order to meet the short and long-term needs of the communities.
Worshipping Altars
In practice, it can be seen that of 181 communal halls and 15 Buddhist temples (of which 43 communal halls and 8 Buddhist temples are dedicated to the Hùng Kings) the focus of the altar arrangement is the worshipping tablet and the incense bowls.
At some worshipping sites, there is also an additional altar for all gods.
In general, the worshipping altars of the Hùng Kings are made in the form of ancestral altars like those which stand in the houses of most Vietnamese families.
Taking Ngh?a L?nh Mountain as the center of Hùng Kings worship, the farther worshipping sites are from this center, the simpler their arrangements; they are not as complicated as the worshipping sites built by feudal regimes at the end of the Post-Lê Dynasty or during the Nguy?n  Dynasty.
Offerings
Offerings prepared for the rituals (rituals of opening the communal halls/temple gates, processions, rituals of closing the communal halls/temple gates) in most localities are quite similar to one another. They include xôi (cooked sticky rice), o?n (cake from cooked sticky rice), fruits, flowers, wine, votive papers, salt, boiled chickens (ideally large, handsome roosters), raw pork (ideally from a black pig), ch?ng cake and dày cake (offered by people of Lâm Thao District and Vi?t Trì City).
n addition, some villages (?ào Xá village in Thanh Thọy District, B?n ?á village in C?m Khê District) include carp in their offerings.
In Tr?o and Vi villages (Lâm Thao District) and Hùng Lô village (Vi?t Trì City), people give whole pigs (ideally black pigs), usually already killed and cleaned, along with some of their bristles and blood, as offerings.
Some villages/hamlets of H? Hòa, ?oan Hùng, and Yên L?p districts require that among the offerings there should be meat from a black buffalo.
It is stipulated in village conventions that all participants in the preparation of offerings – for example, in the selection of roosters, pigs, leaves for the cakes, etc. should be carefully chosen. All the steps in making the cakes, killing the roosters or the pigs, etc. should also be taken very carefully.
For offerings made from meat (black pigs, roosters, buffalos, etc.), strict rules apply to all steps. For example, families chosen to raise the pigs should be happy, well-off, respected by other villagers and not in mourning; the pigs should be kept in open, clean pigsties; containers for their food should be clean and new (the families should buy new bowls and make new pigsties); their food should be clean and  delicious.
In some villages, two or three families are chosen to raise the  animals. When the day of the festival draws near, the entire village will select the best of several animals for the offerings.
When the pigs are killed, the blood should be red; if the blood is not bright red, it is considered bad luck.
When the rooster is killed and cleaned, its skin should not be torn. The rooster must not be put into boiling water, but hung on a stick above the pot, and people must pour boiling water over it until it is cooked.
In regard to fruits, in the past, villagers chose those without pips, and they could pick them only in the land where they had settled down and lived. They were not allowed to take fruits from other places.
Villagers believe that if these unwritten rules were violated, people would have bad luck, their livestock would fall sick, their crops would fail, etc.
In addition to offerings common to all villages/hamlets worshipping  the Hùng Kings, unique features of offerings prepared by certain villages may also be observed.
For example, in the offerings prepared by C? Tích village (Hy C??ng commune, Vi?t Trì City), three branches of young rice are laid on the offering tray together with cooked sticky rice and boiled rooster, and a wish for good weather and good crops is made.
In the rituals of Vi and Tr?o villages of Hùng S?n Town, Lâm Thao District, among the usual offerings there must be a votive black elephant and two horses (one pink and the other white). These animals are made of bamboo, covered with paper and life-size.
A small bamboo stick is tied to a side of each of these animals to serve as a pot where incense sticks can be kept until the last day of the festival when they are burned.
It is believed that these animals serve as means of transport for the Hùng Kings and the gods so that they can go to people facing difficulties such as strong winds, flood, disease, etc.
(See also Bùi Quang Thanh, “Offerings to Hùng Kings”. Vietnam Academy of Social Sciences, 6 (146) – 2011).
Selection of the Ritual Heads
In the past, the ritual head for each festival was also selected very carefully.
In feudal times (before 1945), ritual heads were selected by local authorities.
Later, this position usually came to be determined by village elders and representatives of village clans.
A person selected to be a ritual head should meet the following criteria: male, over 50 years old, with sound knowledge of the ritual procedures, trusted and respected by his community, and not in the mourning period.
When a person has been selected to be the ritual head, he should observe certain unwritten rules such as avoiding participation in  funerals, avoiding hard work and avoiding sexual intercourse to keep his body clean.
He must practice the ritual gestures regularly so that when the  time comes he can perform them gracefully and in conformity with the ritual group. If he makes a mistake, he will be punished by his village.
The ritual head from the year before is responsible for instructing him during his practice period.
In addition, the person selected to be the ritual head should be able to afford the organization of the festival, from inviting different troupes (chèo plays, ca trù singing, and xoan singing, etc.) to inviting his relatives to the festival, from the day of opening to the day of closing.
For the ritual group (??i t?) the criteria are less strict. Ritual group members must be middle-aged, respected by the community and not in the mourning period.
The ritual head manages the operation of the ritual group. People who know the ritual procedures well (usually from the ritual group of the year before) also help coach the ritual group for a time.
The Traditional Festivals
According to the oral histories of elders in all 196  villages/hamlets, before 1945 villages held the festivals each year on differing scales, depending on economic and social conditions and specific village customs.
In the past, two types of festivals took place every year:
The inter-canton festival (the festival jointly organized by several villages in a canton or jointly organized by villages in a customary friendship relationship, worshipping the same communal god);
The festival held in each village/hamlet at a different time (in this case, the people of village divisions (giáp) played a vital role).
Most of the festivals took place in the first lunar month or in the eighth and ninth lunar months.
The organizer of the festivals: As stipulated by the feudal authorities, before 1945 the Committee of Mandarins at canton level directly organized and managed festivals in which the main worshipped figures had been recognized and given conferment by the court.
In regard to village festivals, various giáp in the villages cooperated in organizing the festivals, with each giáp taking responsibility for specific tasks assigned by the Committee of Village Elders.
Funds for festival organization came from two sources: proceeds from fields given to the temple (by local authority or by the court), and donations by men of different giáp participating in the festivals.
Festival procedure: Most focus-group interviews came to the conclusion that festival procedure in individual villages in particular and throughout Phú Thọ Province in general was very complicated and diverse.
Currently there are no written texts (epitaphs, legends, village customary laws, etc.) in any villages/hamlets stipulating festival procedure.
Today festivals are organized according to procedures passed down from earlier generations.
However, certain procedural elements are common throughout the province.
In  most cases, the procession goes from the shrine to the communal hall or temple; or goes from the communal hall or temple around the village and returns to the starting point.
The order of the procession groups is also consistent from village to village: The group of the dancing dragon comes first, then the group carrying the gods’ flags, then the palanquin, eight musical instruments, two rows of eighttreasures and weapons, the incense palanquin, the chair and tablet palanquin, the ritual group, and finally the villagers.
Belief activities and folk games
In almost all the sacred spaces of Hùng Kings worship, local communities organize various cultural activities in which unique symbols representing specific characteristics of habitation, aesthetic style, and perceptions of nature and society are displayed.
These activities include:Belief activities associated with fertility rites, in which symbols of linga and yoni are worshipped and acts of sexual intercourse are mimicked in a game named tùng rí; Belief activities associated with wet-rice cultivation, in which water from the middle of a river is brought to the temple to serve as a worship object, and young rice plants are also placed on the altar; Belief activities in which the career and merits of the worshipped person are enacted: the gestures of the King when he taught people how to cultivate rice and hunt; the gestures of the Princess when she taught people how to raise silkworms and weave fabric.
Belief activities associated with the explanation of certain phenomena in nature and society: why people howl to call/find each other at night when lost in the forest; how the King taught people to make blood pudding when killing pigs.
Belief activities associated with unique inventions from the earliest days of the country’s establishment: how the King taught people how to broil meat after a hunt, perform martial arts, use the bow and arrow, and establish villages close to one another so that they could help and protect one another.
In most regions, especially in isolated villages, people perform similar prayer rituals, such as praying for wealth, for favorable weather, for peace, for a son, etc. in their worship of the Hùng Kings.
In addition to rituals and belief activities performed in the sacred space of the worship of Hùng Kings and other related characters, folk games associated with national memories and the community’s perceptions of everyday life's realities and aesthetic ideals are played by participants of various ages.
Some of these folk games are popular and common to all villages (such as blind-man’s-buff, tug of war, flag catching, swimming competition, and catching ducks in pond or river), and some are unique and specific to certain villages in Phú Thọ Province (such as pig encirclement, trò trám, a fertility game, c??p ph?t, a game of competing to catch a ball, tùng rí, etc.).
Belief Practice and Festivals in Contemporary Society
From the time of the August Revolution of 1945 until the end of the 20th century, for different reasons and because of different historical circumstances, most of the places serving belief practices such as temples, communal halls and shrines were destroyed or badly damaged, and folk festivals were not organized.
In most villages, people quietly prepared offerings and burnt incense to worship the Hùng Kings in particular and other related characters in general at home or in their family worshipping halls.
Thus, serious damage was done to these communities' tangible and intangible culture.
A great number of valuable cultural heritages have been lost, ruined or forgotten.
Gaps in the passing on of traditional culture between generations have had negative impacts on Hùng Kings worshipping communities' social and cultural life.
From the late 1980s on, particularly from 1995 until today, in the many villages in 12 districts worshipping the Hùng Kings in Phú Thọ Province, 50% of sites have been restored (after 1990), 10% have been repaired, 20% are in danger of becoming ruins, and 20% have already become ruins.
Before 1945, most villages worshipping the Hùng Kings regularly organized traditional festivals at different levels.
After nearly half a century  of interruption, from the late 1980s on, these traditional festivals have been restored. The belief and its associated cultural organizations have  been permitted to operate again.
In villages, the elderly (50 years and older) have played an important role in restoring and directly participating in festivals.
Funds for festival organization are mainly donated by local people.
Differences between Today's Festivals and Festivals in the Past
The duration of festivals today is much shorter than in the past (now they mainly take place over one or two days).
The processes of task assignment, budget management and organization of the festival are now discussed openly, and local people can share their opinions on all relevant matters.
All people of villages/hamlets where there are festivals have equal opportunity to participate in the annual or main festival (in accordance with regulations prescribed by festival management boards or local authorities), from contributing human resources to receiving material and moral benefits from the festival.
The festival is organized by the site management board which manages communal halls/ temples under the direct control of the local authority.
Funds for festival organization are partly given by the local authority if possible. However, in most cases, they are donated by the community. Common temple land from which benefits may be saved for festival organization as they were under feudal society no longer exists.
Because of issues of public security and changes in belief and other cultural practices, festivals now are not as boisterous as in the past. Ritual forms and offerings have also been simplified and the meanings of the worship objects have also been lost to some extent.
The process of preparation of offerings has been made simpler; complicated details relating to selection and arrangement of offerings as practiced in the past are now foregone.
Certain parts of the ritual ceremony which are too complicated or long have been removed or shortened.
Belief activities with mysterious meanings and amulets are not practiced anymore.
Further, certain cultural activities with fertility-related meanings have not been restored.
All members of local communities participate in “luck food” feasts, and all are equal in festival activities.
During the processes of preparation and organization of the festival, the community and the local authority coordinate closely with each other to ensure security and legal issues are dealt with following guidelines from the local authority.
Main Features of the Worship of Hùng Kings in Phú Thọ
Most Hùng Kings worshipping villages perform rituals associated with different annual festivals: Lunar New Year, First Full Moon, the festival of ploughing, the festival of harvest, etc.
Perhaps the most remarkable of these is the ritual praying for favorable weather, and good luck in business, life and health.
Offerings are very important. They are carefully selected and include at least three things – a rooster, a black pig and fruits.
To a certain extent, ancient elements associated with the worship of the Hùng Kings remain, expressing themselves in festival performances and folk games associated with ancient legends.
The festival is diverse in form and sacred in content and belief practice, displaying people’s profound awareness of their origins and their history of establishing and protecting the country.
Roles played in the festival are strictly controlled, requiring actors to be strong both in body and in mind.
The System of Cultural Heritage Sites associated with Hùng Kings Worship:
Tangible cultural heritage in villages: The inventory shows that most worshipping sites which are a hundred years old or older have been destroyed. The few which remain are in very bad condition.
Most of the common land which in the past belonged to the worshipping sites has been encroached upon (for example in villages of Đoan Hùng, Hạ Hòa and Yên Lập districts).
The surrounding facilities have also been destroyed, changed or used for other purposes, etc.
Many heritage sites have not received proper attention from cultural management boards.
Some sites have been encroached upon or used for non- belief purposes.
According to the statistics of the local authority, at present, in 46 villages/hamlets directly practicing the worship of Hùng Kings, 80% of the ponds associated with this belief have been either filled up or narrowed to serve different purposes.
any ponds, shrines and temples associated with heritage sites have disappeared: e.g. he place believed to be the drill ground during the time of the Hùng Kings in Tiên Kiên commune (Lâm Thao), Đạng communal hall in Xuân Viên commune (Yên Lập), Đanh communal hall in Chính Công commnune, Tân Tiến communal hall in Vĩnh Chân commune (Hạ Hòa). Some sites which in the past were spacious worshipping sites have been destroyed, and currently there are no fund for their restoration (e.g.Cả communal hall in Hùng Sơn town, Lâm Thao district; the cluster of sites in Đanh hamlet, Chính Công commune, Hạ Hòa).
Of the sites that have been restored in the last decade by local communities, none can be compared with its original in terms of scale and architecture.
In most of these new sites, the interior of the worshipping space is still simple and does not meet traditional requirements of worship.
The system of intangible cultural heritage in villages/hamlets: So far, most of the villages/hamlets in Phú Thọ Province which have sites associated with Hùng Kings worship do not keep documents of legends, festival information, folk games or activities related to this belief.
In some villages, elderly people try to keep records and translate the legends  and parallel sentences which have  been recorded at local heritage sites. However, this source of information has yet to be properly drawn on.
At some sites, there are collections of books in Sino-Vietnamese which have not yet been translated into modern Vietnamese, so that a great deal of information about traditional culture is still unknown and inaccessible to younger generations of local people.
Passing on Heritage between Generations: Those with the best knowledge of the procedures and contents of festivals are the elderly people who have directly participated in past festivals and performances.
The number of these people is small; however, some of them are now members of festival management boards and heritage site management boards in villages/hamlets.
The largest group of people participating in the rituals is made up of middle-aged men, aged 50 and older.
For certain festival activities, the largest group is made up of young people, aged from 15 to 25.
In the inventory questionnaires, 100% of respondents confirmed that younger generations – children of families living in the villages – are enthusiastic and eager to participate in certain festival activities, but are not eager to carry out ritual practices.
Interviews with children participating in the festival “Procession of the Kings to the village for Tết” (Hùng Sơn town) and “Meeting the Kings for the spring in villages” (Tiên Kiên commune) at the end of 2010 and beginning of 2011, indicated that all were proud to have been selected and eager to participate in the festivals without being paid, given that they are allowed to by their families and schools.
However, because of modern social circumstances and time restrictions, not all young people actively look  for information about their nation’s origins or the aspects of their culture preserved and performed in local festivals.
Most of the legends, copies of the Kings’ family tree, epitaphs and other sources of information in Sino-Vietnamese which are kept in villages have not yet been translated or disseminated, nor have most of the parallel sentences and words inscribed on horizontal lacquered boards in communal halls, temples and Buddhist temples, or the many books in Sino-Vietnamese.
Issues Relating to the Preservation and Promotion of Heritage Values
The Situation and Positive Impact of the Heritage
Most of the belief and cultural activities associated with the worship of Hùng Kings (under different names) in 12 districts/town/cities of Phú Thọ Province have	already	received attention from	local communities, and worshipping sites and festivals have been restored.
However, economic difficulties together with other objective and subjective circumstances have meant that the number of restored sites is still small.
Examples can be given in poor districts such as Hạ Hòa, Thanh Ba, Yên Lập, and Thanh Sơn.
Also, because the belief practice was prohibited and therefore did not receive any attention from local authorities or local people for half a century, many sites have been encroached upon to differing degrees.
Many of the objects used at rituals or for interior decoration are broken.
Meanwhile, communities need  ritual practice.
In most localities, costs for the restoration of worshipping sites have been covered by communities.
Examples can be given in Cẩm Khê and Phù Ninh districts and Việt Trì City.
Among villagers today, middle-aged people show the highest level of awareness of the necessity of heritage preservation, as evidenced by their contributions to preservation projects.
If in the second half of the 20th century elderly people were the largest group practicing Hùng Kings  worship,  then since the 1990s more and more young people have been participating in worshipping activities, both male and female.
Particularly in localities with many traditional festivals such as Cẩm Khê, Lâm Thao, Thanh Thuỷ, and Phù Ninh districts and Việt Trì City, people of widely different groups and backgrounds participate in festivals.
In the last ten years, several localities have restored festival activities worshipping the Hùng Kings (Đào Xá commune in Thanh Thuỷ district, Hùng Lô commune in Việt Trì City, Khổng Tước commune in Cẩm Khê district, Vi and Trẹo villages in Hùng Sơn town and villages in Tiên Kiên commune, Lâm Thao district, etc.), thus helping younger generations understand and learn more about traditional values, their nation’s history, and preservation of traditional values.
The survey of villages where festivals worshipping Hùng Kings are held in particular and village festivals in general shows that local authorities and cultural  management  boards  at  different  levels  (but  especially  at commune level) have directly participated in and taken responsibility for organizing, managing and monitoring all steps of the festivals, and that in this respect local people are satisfied with local authorities at commune and village level.
This is also evidence of the consensus which has created sustainable conditions for the preservation of the festivals, bringing a positive influence upon the exploitation of the festivals’ values and meanings.
As a first step, the local authority has co-operated with the community in accordance with the principles of socialization in management in order to preserve and exploit the heritage site’s values, and restore the heritage sites as required in each specific case, meeting the community’s needs in belief  practice.
90% of survey respondents agreed with the work done by the local authority during restoration and preservation of festivals associated with the worship of Hùng Kings.
Possible Risks for the Heritage Sites:
95% of survey discussion participants saw weaknesses and limitations in various aspects of the heritage preservation: namely, in collection of related information, and in historical recording of the worship and procedures of local traditional festivals. The number of people who know Sino-Vietnamese has decreased significantly; in some localities today, no one knows this language.
Most of the knowledge of festival procedures, content, activities and performance (palanquin procession, folk games, etc.) has only been passed on orally.
Some elderly people have been trying to record this kind of information. Mainly, however, they do it spontaneously and subjectively. The information recorded has not been discussed carefully and has not been disseminated widely in the community.
This has led to the gradual loss of this source of intangible cultural heritage which was invented and practiced in the past and to loss of the unique local identity associated with it.
100% of discussion participants regarded the local authority’s weakness at various levels in managing the processes of information collection, recording and disseminating relevant information to members of the community as one of the causes of the loss of heritage site values.
90% of discussion participants believed that the local authority was not active enough or creative enough in widening its network and mobilizing resources in society for the preservation and exploitation of cultural heritage in the locality.
100% of discussion participants suggested that the local authority should improve its capacity in management so that the Law on Cultural Heritage could be implemented in practice and made to meet the needs of cultural heritage preservation in each village/hamlet.
As stated by some representatives of village heritage management boards, one of the reasons that heritage sites had been neglected and their ecological- human environment negatively affected was that the people tasked with taking care of the sites (temple guards, ritual heads, members of the heritage management boards, etc.) were not paid for their service.
Cultural management at various levels focuses largely on drawing up and disseminating  administrative guidelines and organizing activities to disseminate government policies. Cultural management workers are not proactive in making long-term plans for the preservation and exploitation of cultural heritage values in the localities.
Most of the cultural management staff working for the Department of Culture and Information at district level or commune/ward level are young people with limited knowledge of local traditional culture.
Therefore, their management is not effective and cannot meet the community’s needs in preservation and exploitation of cultural heritage.
In practice, coordination between schools and the community in the preservation of cultural heritage in villages is weak.
The relevant propaganda does not seem to be very effective.
In the Year 6 Textbook on Linguistics and Culture, the section introducing legends and traditional festivals associated with the period of Hùng Kings and the nation’s origin is quite short.
In some places, the local authority and the community disagree on the values of their cultural heritage.
For example, in Xuân Viên commune, Yên Lập district, the local authority currently is withholding approval of the restoration of worship places which had existed in the past but were destroyed in the 1970s, arguing that it does so to fight superstition.
The community is willing to contribute money to restore these heritage sites which in the past were part of the grand procession in the commune’s traditional festival. However, the local authority has not given its approval for the restoration, and so the people of Xuân Viên commune must practice their belief in the neighboring commune.
Property violation and encroachment occurs at many sites of Hùng Kings worship, due to either bad land use management or bad cultural management, illegally or with the permission of the local authority.
in addition, the local authority in some places also allows people to destroy heritage sites to use the land for other purposes.
Most discussion participants suggested that the authorities at various levels should pay more attention to groups of successful local businessmen who wish to fund the restoration of their local cultural heritage.
This report was written by Associate Professor, Dr.Bùi Quang Thanh Head of the Inventory group of the Worship of Hùng Kings
No.
Place
Hamlet/Village/Residential quarter
Commune/Ward/Township
District
Thượng Tinh Xá Hamlet
Thanh Xá
THANH BA
Tinh Xá Hamlet
Lăng Village
Thái Ninh
Đông Thượng Hamlet
Đông Thành
Đối Đen Village
Đông Lĩnh
2Thượng Hamlet
Khải Xuân
Lũng Village
Võ Lao
Chùa Village
Quản Dương Hamlet
Lương Lỗ
Quán Hamlet
Quán Lương Hamlet
Residential quarter 16 (Mạo Phổ Hamlet)
Residential quarter 2
Quảng Nạp
Residential quarter 3
Residential quarter 4 (Ngoài Hamlet)
Võ Village (Đồng Lạn Hamlet)
Vũ Yển
Sấu Village (Hoàng Cương Hamlet)
Hoàng Cương
Giuồng Village
Mạn Lạn
Vàng Village
Yển Khê
Nghĩa Village
Ngăn Village
Đại An
Tân Thân Hamlet
Yên Nội
Lem Village
Phương Trà Village
Liên Phương
Xuân Áng Village
Hậu Bổng
Đan Village (Residential quarter 1).
Đan Hòa
Vô Tranh Village
Võ Tranh
Cầu Xây Village
Ấm Hạ
Phú Vĩnh Village
Bằng Giã
Bến Village
Đanh Village
Chính Công
Trường Thiên Hamlet
Vĩnh Chân
Tân Tiến Hamlet
Tân Lập Hamlet
Minh Tiến
ĐOAN HÙNG
Phú Nham Hamlet
Phú Thứ
Vĩnh Lại Hamlet
Hùng Quan
Kê Hamlet
Phúc Lai
Lê Hùng Hamlet
Sóc Đăng
Đình Cả Hamlet
Tiên Sơn
Đại Hộ Village
Đại Nghĩa
Đám Hamlet
Chí Đám
Ngọc Tân Hamlet
Ngọc Quan
Đồng Bích Village
Hùng Long
Đồng Kệ Hamlet (Đồng Kệ Village)
Đồng Cam
CẨM KHÊ
Vực Câu Hamlet
Tiên Lương
Mỹ Đức Hamlet
Quyết Tiến Hamlet
Sâu Village
Tuy Lộc
Vực Cầu Hamlet (Residential quarter 9)
Sông Thao Township
Đông Viên Village (Residential quarter 4)
Gọ Village Phùng Xá
Cầu Ngòi Village
Cấp Dẫn
Đoài Village
Thanh Nga
Gò Làng Village (Residential quarter 4)
Sơn Tình
Gò Village (Residential quarter 6 - 7)
Khổng Tước Hamlet – Chùa Village(Residential quarter 6)
Phượng Vỹ
Trình Khúc Hamlet
Văn Khúc
Ô Đà Hamlet
Thạch Đê Village (Residential quarter 3)
Hiền Đa
Bến Đá Village (Residential quarter 5)
Chương Xá
Hamlet Quyết Tiến
Tuy Lộc
Đình Village (Residential quarter 7)
Đồng Luận
THANH THỦY
Đào Xá Hamlet (Residential quarter 5)
Đào Xá
Phương Giao (Residential quarter 12-13)
Hạ Bì Trung
Xuân Lộc
Kim Đức Village (Residential quarter 6)
Kim Đức
VIỆT TRÌ city
Kim Đái Hamlet (Residential quarter 3)
Thét Village (Residential quarter 8)
Lâu Thượng
Trưng Vương ward
Hòa Bình 1 Hamlet (Residential quarter 7)
Bến Gót ward
Hòa Bình 2 Hamlet
Giải Village (Hồng Hải Village)
Minh Nông ward
Village Từ Mõ (Residential quarter 2)
Hùng Lô Commune
Phú Nang (Residential quarter 4)
Vân Phú ward
Vân Luông Hamlet (Residential quarter 7)
Lũng Village
Hy Cương Commune
Cổ Tích Village
Thuần Lương Hamlet
Sông Lô Commune
Vân Khê Hamlet – Thia communal house(Residential quarter 3)
Hà Lộc
PHÚ THỌ town
Hạ Hamlet
Thanh Minh
Mạo Village (Residential quarter 2)
Thanh Lâu Hamlet (Residential quarter 8)
Trẹo Village (Residential quarter 7)
Hùng Sơn township
LÂM THAO
Hậu Lộc Village (Residential quarter 2)
Phường Village (Residential quarter 16)
Vi Cương Hamlet (Residential quarter 3)
Huy Sơn Village (Residential quarter 14)
Vi Village (Đông communal house)–Residential quarter 3
Mở Village - Residential quarter 12 (Tập Lục communal house)
Tiên Kiên
Lum Village (Residential quarter 7 )
Cả communal house (Residential quarter 3)
Đoàn Kết Village – Giã Village (Residentialquarter 4)
Mua Village - Quan Mạc pagoda(Residential quarter 5)
Khuân Dậu
Trung Giáp
PHÙ NINH
Đình Village Phú Nham
Nội Hamlet (Residential quarter 8)
Hạ Giáp
Thanh Thúy
Bảo Thanh
Vải Đạng Hamlet (Residential quarter 2)
Xuân Viên
YÊN LẬP
Giai Thượng
Thắng Sơn
THANH SƠN
Chòi  Village (Residential quarter 13)
Cự Thắng
Dẹ Hamlet (Residential quarter 2)
Văn Miếu
Ba Mỏ Township
Thanh Sơn Township
Chùa Village (Residential quarter 2)
Xuân Quang
TAM NÔNG
Bình Lỗ Hamlet (Residential quarter 9)
Thanh Uyên Hamlet (Residential quarter 3)
Thanh Uyên
Sơn Cương Hamlet (Residential quarter 1)
Hồng Đà
Hạ Nông Hamlet (Residential quarter 6)
Gò Dược Village (Residential quarter 2)
Dị Nậu
Gia Khảm Village (Residential quarter 6)
Hoàng Hanh Village (Residential quarter 7)
Total
Phu Tho is a midland and mountainous province lying in the middle of Northern Vietnam. It is situated at the apex of the triangular Northern plain delta, linking the Northern mountainous area and the flat plain. The province is where three big rivers Thao, Lo and Da joins each other and it is surrounded by two mountains namely Ba Vi and Tam Dao. Phu Tho back against the area of hills and mountains lying close to each other like upside down bowls at the end of Hoang Lien Son range. It looks over the fertile Red River delta. All these make Phu Tho a favorable position of “mountains gathering and rivers meeting”.
The nature endows Phu Tho with many beauty spots like Bach Hac crossroad, Ao Gioi Suoi Tien (God Pond - Fairy Stream), Ao Chau Lake, Van Hoi Lake, Thanh Thuy hot mineral water mine, Xuan Son National Park, etc. They are very valuable natural tourism resources for the development of ecotourism, health tourism and wildlife tourism.
Furthermore, Phu Tho is known as the place of national origin. Its historic-cultural traditions go along with the history of national construction and defense.
Hung Kings chose this place to start building up the nation that he named Van Lang, the first state of Vietnam.
The Temple of Hung Kings is there in Phu Tho being the ancestor worship place of the whole Vietnamese nation, the spot where the national strength and determination of great unity is seen and felt.
Well preserved in Phu Tho are thousands of historic-cultural relics, hundreds of folk festivals and folk music like Xoan and Gheo singing - traditional classical singings. They are the national precious cultural relics manifesting the original identity and unique human tourism resources attracting tourists.
Phu Tho is also famous for well-know tourist attractions including the historic complex of Hung Kings’ Temple, Viet Tri-the city of festivals, Thanh Thuy hot mineral water site, Xuan Son National Park. For the past years, the improvement in its tourism infrastructure with 1800 standard hotel rooms, luxurious transport means for tourists has attracted more than 3 million visits per year.
To provide information for managers, investors, tourism companies as well as inland and foreign visitors, Phu Tho’s Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism compiles Phu Tho Guidebook.
This will give tourism companies and tourists accurate and adequate information to plan the visits to Phu Tho easily and conveniently.
Hung Kings’ Temple is situated in Co Tich village, Hy Cuong commune, Viet Tri city Phu Tho province.
It is an architectural system dedicated to worship Hung Kings.
It is both a beauty spot and Vietnam’s important historic-cultural relic.
The temples are located on Nghia Linh Mountain at the elevation of 175m.
Looking from a long distance, Nghia Linh Mountain is like a dragon’s head toward The South. The landscape is marvelous and impressive; the land is full supernatural power with the gathering of mountains and rivers.
Hung Temple relic complex has the following constructions:
Temple Gate: Built in the second reigning year of Khai Dinh (1917), the Gate is 8.5 meters high and 45 meters high and 45 meter wide, 8-small-vault shaped. Its two sides are embossed with two boxers. One is holding a battle-axe while the other is holding a lance.
Ha Temple: It is built in 17th century in the shape of Chinese character of “Er” (means “two”) with two buildings, each of them has 3 rooms.
According to the legend, in this temple Mother Au Co gave birth to a pouch containing 100 eggs, which hatched into 100 children. This explains the meaning of the word compatriot in Vietnamese.
Thien Quang Pagoda: Located on the right of Ha Temple, the construction mainly built of wooden pillars with stone chock.
The pagoda was built during the Ly and Tran Dynasty and then rebuilt in Le Dynasty from 1427 to 1573. It worships Mahayana Buddha. In front of the pagoda is an approximately 700 year old cycad.
Trung Temple (Hung King Grandfathe temple): Trung Temple was built the earliest on Nghia Linh Mountain.
In 17th century, it was rebuilt in the style seen today.
According to the legend, it is the place where Hung Kings used to talk over state affairs and Hung King the sixth ceded the throne to his son Lang Lieu, who found how to make Trung (Square shaped) and Giay (Round shaped) cakes – sticky rice cakes.
Thuong Temple (Kinh Thien Linh Castle): The temple was restored in the second reigning year of Khai Dinh (1917) in the shape of Chinese character of “Wang” (means “King’).
In the front there are 4 pillars with the carved decorations of “two dragons flanking a moon”.
This is also the place where Hung Kings used to hold God of Heaven and Earth worshipping rituals to prayer for good weather, bumper crops, enough food and happiness for the people.
On the right of the front of Thuong Temple, there is a vowing stone pillar built by An Duong Vuong. After being ceded the thrown by the 18th Hung King, An Duong Vuong constructed this pillar and vowed that “I’ll defend the nation forever”.
This is the place dedicated to worship Thanh Giong who defeated An invaders.
Hung King's Tombs: The tomb is located on the left of the front of Thuong Temple. The tomb is cuboid-shaped the pillars are integrated into the walls, and eight roofs have curved lances. Inside the tomb is a cuboid. According to the legend this is the sixth Hung King’s grave.
Gieng Temple: Built in the 17th century at the foot of Southern Nghia Linh Mountain, it consists of 3 rows of rooms and 2 annexes at both sides.
In the temple, there is Ngoc Well where according to the legend two princesses Tien Dung and Ngoc Hoa used to see their images and brush their hair.
The well is so pure and never dry of water.
Hung Kings’ Temple Festivals are the biggest in the country.
It lasts from the time after New Year to March in Lunar calendar.
The number of visitors to the Festival is the largest from lunar March, 1st to 10th.
Every year, there are about more than 3 million visitors coming to Hung King’s Temple to burn incense, visit Grandfather’s grave and enjoy the Festivals.
The lunar tenth of March is the Hung King Grandfather’s death anniversary that was recognized as the National anniversary according to the Government’s decree of 82/2001/NDCP issued on November 6th, 2001.
Hung Kings’ death anniversary is held with many solemn and formal rituals at Thuong Temple.
The thurification ceremony is organized at national level in even years and at provincial level in odd ones.
The people in the neighborhoods like Hung Lo; Chu Hoa and Son Vi commune, Lam Thao town, Hy Cuong Commune, etc  hold the ceremony of palanquin procession to Hung Kings’ Temple.
The festival has traditional games like: unicorn and Hon dancing, having a tug of war, performing of four classes: scholars, farmers, workers and merchants; cultural-art activities like folk song singing, Xoan and Gheo singing; contests of rice cooking, chung cake wrapping, and Giay cake grinding; sports games tike volley ball and wrestling... Ten thousands of local people and visitors from everywhere participated in the festivals.
During the festival, the areas close to Hung Kings’ Temple also hold many cultural activities to increase the exciting atmosphere for Hung Kings' Temple Festivals.
Au Co Mother's Temple is located in Hien Luong commune, Ha Hoa district; Phu Tho province, it is 80 km away from Viet Tri city and 70 km away from Hanoi’s Trung Ha Bridge.
It was built in 1475 on a high hillock in a large plot of a field.
The temple lies under the shadow of a century-old banian tree, facing towards the South.
On the left is Loan well, on the right is Phuong well, in the front is a spectacular mountain like a writing desk, at the back is surrounded by snaking Red River, around is verdantly luxuriant trees.
The temple consists of 5 Dai Bai rooms and 3 harems. It has wooden carved works with high value of sculpture art; precious antiques like Au Co statue, Due Ong statue, and royal thrown, carved altar.
This is the place dedicated to worship The Nations Mother that is very important the system of Phu Tho’s historic relics.
The festival is officially held on the yearly lunar 7th of January.
Besides, there are some festivals on other days like the lunar 10th and 11th of February, 12th of March, 13th of August and 25th of December that is the day when "Fairies fly back to the heaven" Beginning the festivals is the worshipping ceremony dedicated to the Village's God, followed by the ceremony at The National Mother’s Temple from about 7 to 9 am. When the procession has arrived at the yard of the Temple, the ceremony at Au Co Mother’s Temple is carried out. Firstly, they hold the ceremony of thurification and offerings (including 100 kilos of cakes, 100 Pham Oan - steamed glutinous rice molded into a truncated cone, fruits and flowers). After that the thurifier team of female mandarin including 12 young virgins conduct the Mother ceremony according to the traditional customs.
After the ceremonies, local people and visitors from everywhere come into Mothers temple to offer flowers and incense.
In the temple yard taking place traditional games like swinging, human chess, cock fighting, To Tom-card game using a deck of 120 cards and played by five persons, cultural activities performances, and countryside markets. These add to the exciting atmosphere of the festival.
The relic site is located in Co Tiet commune, Tam Nong distried, Phu Tho Province 6km away from Tam Nong District.
It was recognized as the national relic according to 65/QD-BT decree issued on the 16th of January, 1995 by the Minister of Culture and Information.
This is Mr.Hoang Van Nguyen house in Go village where Ho Chi Minh President worked from the early morning on March 4th 1947 to March 18th 1947.
Here he:
Wrote the letter to the whole nations fellow citizens on 05/03/1947
Wrote the letter to the people in the rear on 05/03/ 1947
Wrote the letter to French Parliament and People on 05/03/1947
Wrote the letter to priest La Huu Tu diocesan on 10/3/1947
Gave the answer to the interview about the declare of France’s Prime Minister Ramandie on 9/3/1947
Signed of298 Decree to clarify the foreign trade procedures and the establishment of Foreign Trade Department on 14/3/1947
Composed the book "New life" with the pen name of Tan Binh
In this house, he also read Tran Hung Dao’s book on warfare (Tran Hung Dao is a very talented and famous General of Vietnam in Tran Dynasty) and Ton Tu’s book on leading military force.
In the evening of 18/3/1947, he moved from Co Tiet to Chu Hoa, Lam Thao Province to continue with Vietnam's long-term resistance war.
To confirm the purpose of Vietnam’s Revolution he named his guards and assistants “Truong-Ky-Khang-Chien-Nhat-Dinh-Thang-Loi” - each person’s name is one component in the expressions meant “Long-term Resistance War definitely ends with our victory”.
Xuan Son National Park is situated in Tan Son District, Phu Tho Province.
It is 33,687 hectares in total with the main part is 15,048 hectares and the bordering part covers 18.639 hectares.
It has the preserved biodiversity system.
According to the statistics, it has 1217 species of plants with 665 species of herbs, 300 species of edible plants, and vascular plants like oak, teak, and parashrea stellata.
Xuan Son stellata forest is evaluated as one of three national Parks with the highest biodiversity level in Vietnam, it has many hundreds year old trees with 2m in diameter and 30m in height.
It has 365 species of animals with 46 species recorded in Vietnam's book of endangered species and 18 species recorded in the World's book of endangered species. It also has Paramesotriton deloustali, very rare and valuable species.
Xuan Son has three mounts above 1000m including Voi,Ten and Can Mount. Its system of limestone caves is very diversified with many beautiful stalactites and stone pillars.
More than 30 caves of different sizes have been discovered like Lun, Lang, Na, Thien Nga caves or Doi (bats), Son Duong (cham ois), Chon Trang (ermines), Trang Tron (full moon), etc.
Lang is the biggest cave and longest deepened into Ten mountain, its arch is 20m tall at some points and 20m wide.
The system of waterfalls are constituted by very beautiful streams flowing down from the mountains including the waterfalls of Xoan, Kem - 99 levels, To Brothers, Nuoc Moc.
In the National Park, people of ethnic groups including Muong and Dao residing in Lang, Du, Lap Thang, Xoan, Ong can still maintain the customs and traditions with festivals, unique dancing and singing.
Xuan Son is a huge and spectacular natural landscape, an attracted destination to tourists.
Thanh Thuy Hot mineral water mine is located in La Phu and Bao Yen Commune, Thanh thuy district, Phu Tho Province, 40 kilometers away from Viet Tri city next to the expanded area of Hanoi.
It lies along Da River with the area of 300 ha.
Hot mineral water is at the depth of from 30 to 60 m, its heat ranges from 37 to 54 Celsius degrees.
The water has valuable elements especially Radon radiant that is good for the medical treatment and health recovery.
This is found in Vietnam for the first time It capacity is enough to supply visitors for long time with the 2100m3 /per day.
Phu tho has programmed Thanh Thuy tourism hot spring site with the projects of building the sites of healthcare and health recovery entertainment, conference...Now on holidays there are thousands of visitors to bathe in the site every day.
Ao Gioi Suoi Tien (God Pond - Fairy Stream) is located in Quan Khe commune, Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province.
Suoi Tien originates from Na Mountain at the height of 1000m.
Flowing from the height, it makes a picturesque waterfall. It pours down into the area of deep, clean water or pebbles and colorful cobbles to make mysterious beauty.
Now there are about 10 big and small waterfalls with the specific characteristics of height, falling down point. The surrounding spots have been given very beautiful names like God Pond, Buddha Well, Green Chasm, Bottomless Cavern, Cloud waterfall, Fairy Cave, Wind waterfall, Pearl Lake.
Surrounding the stream are pebble field and blocks of marble with various shapes. They are given special names like Elephant-on-its-knee pedestals, Tiger-lying-in- wait pedestals, God gate, Fairy wing.
Ao Gioi Suoi Tien is about 10km away from Au Co Mothers Temple and 3km away from Van Hoi lagoon.
It is an ideal destination for visitors who like beholding natural beauty spots after visiting and burning incense atAu Co Mother’s Temple.
Located in Am Thuong and Yen Son Commune, Ha Hoa District, it covers water square of 300ha. Ao Chau outstands in an area of midland and hills. It has 99 arms deepening into a large area of hills of more than 1500 ha.
The water in the lagoon is always pure, blue and clean. Its average depth is from 8 to 10 meters and the deepest point is 15 meters.
The hills emerging in the middle of the big lagoon are grown with local trees like tea plants, palm-trees and especially hills of red ripe litchi in summer. They create a great painting of mountains and rivers.
The mountainous and hilly areas surrounding the lagoon have luxuriant plants that make poetic scenery.
Ao Chau lagoon has been programmed to b built into an ecotourism site with luxurious hotels, healthcare sites and entertainment resort with many games like sailing in the lagoon.
The lagoon is 70 km away from Viet Tri and tourists can have an enjoyable and interesting time here.
Located in Hien Luong Commune, Ha Hoa District, Phu Tho Province, the lagoon lies next to Van Hoi and Viet Cuong commune, Tran Yen District, Yen Bai Province.
The lagoon has a water surface of more than 200 ha, the depth of from 7 to 8 m, the deepest point of 20m.
It has the system of water open supply and drainage so it can always maintain a stable water level. The difference between the rainy and dry season is only 1.3 m.
The water in the lagoon is very clean and pure.
Surrounding it is the system of mountains hills and forests of Quan Khe, Ha Hoa district Phu Tho; Van Hoi and Viet Cuong commune,Tran Yen District Yen Bai Province. This creates a poetic landscape.
On the lagoon surface are 40 islands, the biggest one is 10ha. The rest are small ones ranging from 0.5 to 1 ha with some plant species like palm, tea trees, making a beautiful painting.
The of across - Asia highway of Hai Phong - Hanoi - Kunming (China) crosses is 700m away from the lagoon exit.
The distance between Viet Tri to Van Hoi lagoon is about 80 km that takes 2 hours by car.
The lagoon is 1 km away from Mother's Temple (Ha Hoa), 3 km from Ao Gioi Suoi Tien.
It has been programmed into a high quality health tourism site.
The waterfall of Cu Thang in Cu Thang Commune, Thanh Son District, Phu Tho provice is about 18 km away from Vang Town of Thanh Son district.
It is 10 m high cascading all year round from a stream full of water down to a huge plunge pool with limpid water.
The area around the cascade and along the stream running from the plunge pool is covered with luxuriant vegetation and pebble plains, forming magnificent scenery.
Cu Thang Waterfall presents itself as an ideal tourist destination to escape the heat of summer days.
Bach Hac or White Crane is a name that has long been used.
It is written in Linh Nam Chich Quai (a Collection of Strange Stories in Linh Nam) that: "there was in the ancient Phong Chau a big wide shade tree called Chien Dan on which white cranes built their nests, thus this area is named Bach Hac or White Crane": The region of Bach Hac Confluence is where three big rivers namely Thao, Da and Lo meet each other.
Located in a convenient position, Bach Hac was a great place of residence for the ancient Vietnamese people, since it had mountains, hills and plains. When the area was flooded,they moved to hills and mountains to make a living there and if the weather was good, they spead to the plains to cultivate rice.
Moreover, this area was chosen by Hung Kings for the establishment and construction of Van Lang State.
On this area still exist various legends of the time when Hung Kings founded Van Lang state such as the story of Heaven God (whose heel is still seen engraved on a stone on the edge of Bach Hac river) giving names to 100 children of Lac Long Quan, the legends of the fight between Son Tinh and Thuy Tinh, and of two brothers named Tho Lenh and Thach Khanh.
Bach Hac is also a place of various historical and cultural relics such as Tam Giang Pagoda, Bach Hac Communal House, Lang Dai Temple, Ha Than Shrine. Coming to Bach Hac, visitors can have a chance to enjoy a number of important festivals and events such as Bach Hac Regetta Festival, Glutinuous Rice Dumpling Contest, Wrestling Competition, etc. The name of each commune and village in Bach Hac is associated with one legend of Hung Kings time.
The land of Bach Hac Confluence has long been well-known for its charming waterways and liveliness. In the afternoon, the flaming sun sets down to Ba Vi Range amid the happy folksongs sung by fishermen who are catching fish in the river.
All these make Bach Hac a land of picturesque landscapes with its unique and distinct tangible and intangible cultural heritages an appealing point of arrival for visitors who come here to be fully satisfied.
Hills in the midland of Phu Tho, that look like close up-side-down bowls occupying thousands of hectares of land are all covered with palm trees, providing a picturesque and appealing landscape.
Lying under the shade of palm trees in summer breathing in the fragrance brought over by the wind, visitors could find no experience like this which is very stress-releasing and comfortable.
Anyone coming here would be impressed to look at the palm trees waving their canopies, which from a distance looks like a fearless army brandishing their swords to defend their beloved nation.
Like bamboos, palm trees have long been associated with the lives of agriculture-based Vietnamese people since the first days of their history.
Cottages with palm-leaf roof, conical peaked hats and raincoats made from the leaves of palm trees have long protected generations of Vietnamese people from hard weather conditions.
At present, Phu Tho provides major source of this material for the production of handicrafts and, more importantly is an ideal destination for those who come here on eco-tours, for relaxation and entertainment.
Phu Tho has long been famous for its tea planting farms covering over 12,000 hectares of hill area and produces up to 150,000 tones of fresh tender tea a year.
The province each year exports 10,000 tones of dried tender tea.
Those who have been to Phu Tho’s midland areas of Doan Hung, Thanh Ba, Ha Hoa, Cam Khe, Phu Ninh, etc. would never forget their green tea hills which look like layers of glutinous rice trays, featuring magnificent natural landscape.
Midland girls are very skillful in picking tender tea leaves smiling happily and singing folksongs, which reflects the tranquil life of a rural area.
It would be great to take sips of strong green tea which is a little bit bitter at first, but then leave a long lasting sweet after taste. It is difficult to tell the feeling of drinking the tea from the teapot of weather-beaten farmers in the tea area who will tell us many stories about the tea tree and legends of the national building era. It would also be very wonderful to enjoy a bowl of green tea by the elderly here avoiding the extreme heat of summer days.
The picturesque scenery of tea hills, famers' happiness and optimism in labour together the tea culture of Phu Tho have made the province a right place to go on eco-tours with various and exciting local cultural identities.
Place: Bach Hac Ward - Viet Tri city.
Time: 10th day of the third lunar month.
This festival is held on the river in commemoration of Bach Hac’s God of Soil ( God Tho Lenh), who saw off Saint Tan Vien when the latter visited Bach Hac.
Participating in the event are 4 giap (male teams) namely Thien Hac, Dong Nam, Than True and Bo Dau.
Each giap owns a boat painted differently: Thien Hac’s blue, Than True’s red, Dong Nam’s white and Bo Dau’s yellow.
Clothing, flags and oars must be of the same color with the boat. Each boat is rowed by 50 boatmen with a steering man, a flag bearer and a person who is in charge of beating a mo (a musical instrument made of wood in the shape of a bell) to conduct the boatmen.
Boats sail from the gate of the Bach Hac Communal House to Bach Hac Confluence. Afterwards, they are rowed backward to their starting point. On the way back, all boatmen stop at Chi Cat Temple.
When the first regatta reaches the finish line, a great and constant cheer goes up from the crowd of spectators.
The festival together with the relics of Tam Giang Pagoda and Temple and beautiful landscape of Bach Hac Confluence has attracted thousands of local and foreign tourists.
Place: Hlen Quan Commune,Tam Nong District, Phu Tho Province.
Time: 12th and 13th days of the first lunar month.
The first day of the festival is called festival announcing day (ngay cao hoi). In the morning of the day, ceremonial procession of altar and palanquin on which there are a throne and phet balls is led from Madam Thieu Hoa Temple to the communal house.
After the rituals comes the ceremony called troop reviewing ceremony.
The main festival day is on the 13th when people lead the procession of altar and palanquin to the communal house and hold incense-burning ceremony and other rituals there.
In the afternoon, the game of Phet which is the most festive part of the day is held. Males in village are divided into two teams. Each team is comprised of 50 to 60 members who are half naked in long pants tied to a red belt holding a stick curved at one end.
After the rituals at the altar, several elderly persons holding flags crossed over their heads review the two lines of players who hold up the phet sticks to make the letter A, then they are directed to the playing ground.
In the middle of the ground, there is a master of ceremony who stands next to a phet hole and reads phet recitals.
Then, he throws the phet ball into the hole. Next, the two persons from two teams stamp on the two sides of the hole ten times, then use the stick to pull out the ball.
The teams immediately charge each other fiercely. If anyone snatches the phet ball, hundreds of people chase him for the bail. The match is temporarily finished when one person takes the ball and goes beyond the boundary which is made of New Year’s tree hedge.
The second and third phet balls are then brought to the hole and the same ritual repeat.
There would be no prize for the winners. However, players believe that they would have a profitable and lucky year if they win in a game.
After three matches of phet playing, the master of ceremony makes rituals of processing the three phet balls placed on a tray at the altar.
Then, he carries the balls to the main festival area and throw the balls to three different directions flow of the river.
Once again, hundreds of people jump up trying to catch the ball, as they believe that if they get the balls, they would be lucky all year around.
At the end of the festival, villagers are in a procession of palanquin back from the communal house to the Thieu Hoa Temple. Leaving the festival, everyone gets home in good mood.
Place: Thanh Dinh Commune, Viet Tri City.
Time: 4th of the first lunar month.
Mr. and Mrs.Khiu Procession Festival is called a Crop Praying Festival.
Offerings include a chung cake (square cake) of 40 cm think, a branch of in-blossom peach, a sheaf of glutinous rice and a sheaf of non-glutinous rice which are placed evenly around a tray full of corns, beans, peanuts and sesames.
The palanquin is decorated with flowers of reed.
Playing the part of Mr.Khiu is a man between ages of 60 and 65. This man, whose wife is still alive and children are both boys and girls, should be perfectly healthy. He puts on blue ceremonial clothing with white pants, hats and mandarin's boots.
Mrs.Khiu is also played by a young strong full-parent man of around 12 and 17. This man wears the four-panel traditional dress with a black skirt, a conical hat, a wooden clog and a small flowery bag carrying 9 small phoenix-shaped betel leaves and 9 areca-nuts.
The festival begins with a palanquin procession of Mr.and Mrs.Khiu from the communal house to an area called Oa Nha Nit (woman’s genital organ in the other name).
In Oa Nha Nit, Mr.Khiu uses a square sticky rice cake symbolizing men’s genital organ to pound at the center area for three times.
Mr. and Mrs.Khiu are carried back to the communal house after all rituals are done.
There, Mr. and Mrs.Khiu throw square sticky rice cakes and five-fruit trays at the crowd. The more cakes people can grab, the more likelihood they have a son. And the more cereal they grab, the better crops they will produce.
Place: Tu Xa commune, Lam Thao district, Phu Tho provice.
Time: the night of the 11th and the whole day of 12th of the first lunar month.
Tro Tram Festival is one of the traditional festivals organized by the ancient Vietnamese with the fertility belief and a hope for bumper crops. Tro Tram Festival consists of three main parts:
Part one: The “Turning-off-the-light festival” takes place in the night-time of the 11h at Tro Shrine. The officiating priest gives a son a wooden object and a girl a tortoise - shell - shaped object, which both represents the male and female sex organs.
On hearing the priest saying linh Tinh Tinh Phoc” - the magic words, they have to hold the things up high and then poke into each other.
This ritual is conducted three times. Villagers believe that if in the darkness they could hit each other rightly then the year to come would be full of luck and prosperity.
Part two: Magic Rice procession lasts for one hour between 8 and 9.00 am. On the 12M of the first lunar month though in the previous evening, the incense-burner is brought from the shrine to the Tram Temple for sacrifices. In the next morning, the magic rice procession is carried out along the way through village's fields and to Tro Shrine.
Part three: There come the performances of four classes: scholars, farmers, workers and merchants.
Main performers are local farmers, carpenters, fishermen, weavers, teachers... Performances take place around the village and end in the yard of Tro Temple.
Tro Tram Festival reflects the wish and life of ancient Vietnamese residents along the sides of Red River. It is known as one of the most ancient festivals that are still handed down until today.
Place: Minh Nong commune, Viet Tri City, Phu Tho provice.
Time: 1st of the sixth lunar month.
The festival is dated back to the early days of Hung King's making of the nation.
Legend has it that realizing that the land on the both sides of the Red River was very fertile and full of wild rice; Hung King asked villagers to build dikes and open ditches in order to keep water for these fields and harvested the wild rice. Then he asked them to remove all wild rice and start to transplant rice seedlings.
Seeing that the villagers in Ma Lao Hill did not know how to plant rice, Hung King dismounted from his horse and performed all planting practices as a model for them.
Villagers then followed the instructions and worked diligently until noon. Both the king and his subjects rested on the high mound of land in the middle of the field.
Tich Dien praying area used to be built with laterite of 8 meters long, 7 meters wide and 1.3 meter high. It was surrounded by hemps and rattans.
On the pedestal in the center of the altar there was a tiger-faced statue that is 1.2 meter long and 0.3 meter high. Its pedestal was 1.2 meter in height,0.6 meter in length and 0.8 in width and characterized with an incense-burner surrounded by offerings. The other area was grown with grass and had an area of two bed mattresses.
Offerings for Tich Dien Festival include steamed rice with chicken, betel, areca-nut, alcohol, water. The sacrifice is conducted solemnly in a certain order praying for a favorable weather bumper crops and for a better life of people.
After all rituals are done, the officiating priest with a bunch of young paddy rice in his hands pulls up his pants, gets down to a field and transplants. It is an activity that puts an end to the festival.
Place: Dao Xa commune, Thanh Thuy district, Phu Tho provice.
Time: 27th, 28th and 29th of the first lunar month.
The festival has another name as the festival of praying month.
According to legend, Hung King granted Hung Hai (the 19th son of Lac Long Quan) who had merit in founding the land of Tam Giang 2 elephants on seeing him off to Song Nhi in Hai Duong province for the new governance duty.
Before leaving the land,Hung Hai took his two elephants to Dao Xa to make offering sacrifices to the gods. Not only Hung Hai but also the two elephants were so attached to Hung King that they did not want to go though they had to set off at the last minute.
The festival begins on the morning of the 27th. People prepare posters, flags, ceremonial decorations like swords, spears, umbrellas, etc. and offerings including three bunch of bananas, three bowls of troi (floating) cakes, three carps, rice wine. They then conduct all rituals for the procession of ancestral tablet and incense-burner from Tam Cong Temple to the communal house.
In the afternoon of the 27th, elephant procession is performed.
On the 28lh morning, feast and offerings are supposed to be brought to the communal house and left there until the 29th.
Sacrifices will be conducted on the 28th together with interesting games namely elephant dancing, cooking competition, cock fighting, tugging. The sculpture of two elephants is welcomed around the communal house.
The festival ends when the procession makes a complete round from the communal house to the temple.
Place: Dao Xa Commune, Thanh Thuy District, Phu Tho provice.
Time: the 10th of the seventh lunar month.
Dao Xa Regatta Festival takes place on the large Dao Di Nau Lagoon.
The festival was originally dedicated to the three water-nymphs. When General Ly Thuong Kiet stationed his troops in Dao Xa and trained his boatmen in preparation for the war against the Song there, the festival was expanded by 5 more days until the 15th of the sixth lunar month.
There are two boats in each competition: white boat (called the female) and red boat (the male).
Each boat is 25 meter long and sailed by 24 boatmen.
The rule is very simple. Each boat is supposed to row 3 rounds before flags and oars are raised.
Boatmen are supported and cheered by the crowd with shouts and beats of drums and gongs.
Dao Xa Regatta Festival is one of the festivals that beautify various features of Vietnam’s traditional culture.
Place: Chu Hoa and Hy Cuong communes, Viet Tri City, Phu Tho provice.
Time: 7th and 8th of the first lunar month.
Princess Procession Festival, or He Village Festival as the other name, depicts the legend of Saint Tan Vien bringing his bride, Ngoc Hoa princess, from Hung Temple to Tan Vien Mount.
Prior to the festival, Vi and Treo villages have to choose a young lady to play as the princess, who should be beautiful and charming. She should also be single, between ages of 13 and 18, and is full parented with both brother and sister.
The procession is conducted formally according to traditional rites and customs.
The princess is welcomed from Dinh Ca to Treo village (Hy Cuong commune) and then to Tan Mount along the Red River.
During the procession, there are lots of performances to entertain Ngoc Hoa Princess, these are called “Humorous games’:
Wedding customs including challenging wedding presents, bringing the bride home and choosing the son-in-law in the time of Hung King is, therefore, reflected very lively and obviously through the festival.
Place: Truc Phe village, Hung Hoa town, Tam Nong district, Phu Tho provice.
Time: 7th of the first lunar month
Legend has it that the two sisters of Ho Thien Huong and Ho Thien, the two female generals under the kingship of Tan Vien, had the great merits in the war against the Shu and then the Qin.
To commemorate the two generals and especially their victory feast to their troops and the general Thien Huong's relief of Lord Dinh Cong Tuan, people in the village of Truc Phe hold the festival of Day cake grinding.
The grinding mortar is made of bamboo and is 1 meter wide. It is stabilized by bamboo hem.
The pestle is made of timber or teakwood.
Sticky rice is chosen very carefully, and then cooked well before being grinded.
There are four people grinding at each mortar in which 2 people do the grinding and the other 2 do the shaping and cutting. The grinding takes about 15 or 20 minutes.
Each cake is between 15 and 20 centimeters in diameter; 5 centimeters high.
Cakes are brought to True Phe Communal House for contemplating and mark giving.
The prized cake will be worshipped in the house and the winner is believed to be lucky in the year to come.
Place: Tat Thang Commune, Thanh Son District, Phu Tho provice.
Time: in the 1st lunar month. Gongs are popular musical instruments in Muong’s festivals and holidays like the lunar New Year, village's festivals, wedding, funeral, etc.
The Gong is generally considered as a symbol of cultural features of Muong ethnic people. It's not only a kind of musical instrument but an emblem of wealth and power.
Moreover, the gong is a valuable dowry that parents give to their daughter on her wedding day.
The musical instrument often has the diameter ranging from 20 to 60 centimeters.
A single set consists of 6 gongs; whist the double one consists of 12.
These are gongs that are arranged from small to big sizes.
They can be hand-held and hung on a frame when being performed.
Gong performances are carried out together with traditional songs such as: "Travelling" “Meeting for festivals”, "The colors of an amulet”, “Greeting”, “Toasting”.
Gongs are also performed with others instruments namely drums and sirens.
Playing gongs is considered to be highly artistic and the sound of gongs serves as background music for the singing and dancing of Muong ethnic people.
The Department of Phu Tho Culture, Sports and Tourism has, nowadays, been in charge of organizing Gong Performance Festivals.
Xoan singing is a unique cultural product of Phu Tho.
The art of Xoan recital which is closely connected to the legend of Hung King dated to the early days of national building.
Khuc Mon Dinh (singing at the door of communal house) is known as another name of Xoan singing. Performances take place in spring as an activity to welcome a new year.
The show is often organized in the communal house or village’s temple.
The show at communal houses of An Thai, Kim Duc, Phu Duc, Thet is on the first day of the lunar year.
From the 5th of lunar January, troupes from all the four villages have performing visits to the communal house of the village with whom they have sworn "brotherhood".
These teams perform from 5th of the first month till 10th of the third month in the lunar calendar.
A typical Xoan show must go through 3 well-established stages: ritual, dancing performance and festive singing.
In the ritual part, the singing involves the praise and praying performed in a ceremonial way at the communal house’s gate. They are meant to show people’s feelings and serve as words of praise of saints and gods.
In the second part, performances reflect the life of people. Therefore, the songs are often about the natural beauty or old stories.
Such a singing is comprised of 3 main parts: beginning, body and ending.
The last part is characterized with romantic performances of boys and girls singing back and forth.
Performers sing love songs accompanied with dances and games.
Xoan singing is not a mere singing practice, but known as a festival.
Xoan festival consists of various activities such as singing, asking for flowers, word-puzzle, dancing and many unique and interesting performances.
Words in Xoan songs are composed very carefully and full of art, using the both the quintessence of scholars and ordinaries.
Mo Ca; a rhythmical and attractive song about the love for labour; is the name of the last act in a Xoan recital.
Gheo singing is a kind of singing exchange between boys and girls, which is usually performed during the nights of spring and autumn festivals when the moon is bright.
Gheo singing takes place most in Phu Cuong and Nam Cuong villages in Thanh Uyen commune, Tam Nong district and Hung Nhi village in Hung Son commune, Thuc Luyen of Thanh Son district.
The name of Gheo singing differs in each area. It is called as “Nuoc Nghia singing”, "Brothers and Sisters singing” in Nam Cuong and Thuc Nhi respectively.
It is named as ”Brothers and Sisters singing'' because in each performance boys and girls call each other not by their names but just brothers and sisters.
Gheo singing begins in any household rather than in the communal house, after the sacrifices finishes.
Gheo singing have nothing related to praying and offerings because it is not a traditional religious and free singing such as back-and-forth singing, folksong contest, but Quan Ho singing.
Gheo singing is performed in 2 forms: singing on the meeting bridge and singing contest.
In the first form, as a rule, one female elder and 12 women or girls will be selected to practice and perform the singing with another 12 men or boys invited and led by one male elder.
Gheo singing is performed in couples.
They look into each others eyes to express their feelings during the performance so that they can share the rhythm of the singing.
Singing contest is held not for prizes but to make the performances more interesting.
There are 2 types of contest: lyrics and voice.
In the lyrics contest, performers are asked to sing all well-known songs; they will lose if they fail to remember the lyrics.
In the voice contest, they will lose if they can’t follow different voices of this kind of singing.
Gheo singing often takes place from dark until the next morning.
After performing, performers of the village will see all the guests off.
Place: Hung Lo commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho provice.
Time: from 9th to 13th of the third lunar month.
The commencement of the festival is marked by the ceremony of chicken offerings at the communal house in the village on the 9th.
All the offered chickens are then brought to the oldest man’s house and are subject to distribution amongst the village notables and the elderly on the completion of the ceremony the villagers prepare the palanquin at the communal house and rally to start the palanquin procession into Hung Temple.
This palanquin procession appeals to a group ranging from 200 to 400 people in gala attire, embroidered with patterns of dragons, unicorn, turtles and flamingo, blue cone hats, leggings and shoes. Standing out in the procession are four red-lacquered and gilded palanquins which have been elegantly and sophisticatedly carved.
The distance covered by the procession from Hung Lo to Hung Temple is as far as 9 kilometers. Festival goers therefore take some breaks along the way with lion dancing. At the T-junction named Hang, the whole procession groups would rest for one night before entering the temple on 10th of the month.
The formality and majesty of the procession, as matter of fact often create a center of attendance.
Place: Lang Suong temple, Trung Nghia commune, Thanh Thuy district, Phu Tho provice.
Time: The festival is regularly held at on two annual occasions,i.e lunar January 15th and October 25th.
On lunar January 15th when it is Saint Tan Vien’s birthday palanquins are carried to the bank of Da River from Lang Suong temple.
By the river bank, the officiating priest standing in front of the praying table on which offering tray of fruits are laid; burns incense and heads towards Tan Mountain to invite the saint and his Godmother named Ma Thi to participate in the festival.
The palanquins are then carried back to the temple.
Festivities include folk games such as cock-fighting, wrestling; card games, con (a ball of clothes) throwing and singing contest.
The other festival held on lunar October 25th is to commemorate the Death of Mau (goddess mother) when villagers bring water from Da River to the Temple.
The lunar October 24th night is the time to pray for the Goddess.
On lunar October 25th, a palanquin procession is carried out, starting from Lang Suong temple to Da River with the significance of welcoming Tan God on his way back to his mom.
A cow offering (cow barbecue) takes place on this day.
Villagers then enjoy a variety of games like: earthenware pots breaking, ducks catching in the pool, swinging games, human chess, dum singing contest Boi singing (a form of traditional drama) is held at night right in front of the temple.
Lang Suong festival has become one of the most prominent ones in the series of festivals in the Tan Vien Mountain area with its beautiful sights and sounds.
Built in Dao Xa commune, Thanh Thuy district, Dao Xa communal house is recognized as one of the national historical relics.
Built during the reign Due Nguyen (1674- 1675) of King Le Gia Tong, the communal house was designed in the shape of the Chinese letter of yi (meaning one), with 3- compartment halls and 2 annexes.
The communal house takes pride in 48 wooden pillars, the smallest of which has a diameter of 55 centimeters, while the cloister pillars have their sizes of about 40 centimeters in diameter.
The communal house measures 24 x 13.22 meters, making the overall area of 300 square meters. In the main hall is the altar designed with dragons carvings, all at the height of 2 meters above the floor. On top of it are four red lacquered and gilded windows, smoothly and sophisticatedly carved with images of four sacred animals and two dragons gazing at the moon.
Both sides of the altar are designed as the main praying area.
The house has 12 panels which were elegantly engraved.
On the roof of the building are the two dragons gazing at the moon, and each of the four corners is decorated with one lion’s whelp, while two sides of the roof was beautified with holy animals.
Dao Xa Communal House worships Hung Hai Cong (the 19th son of Lac Long Quan).
Built in Hung Lo commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho provice Hung Lo Communal House is also called Xom Communal House.
It was constructed under the reign of King Le Hy Tong (1697).
The communal house is located next to the village temple, forming the shape of letter er (two) in Chinese.
Hung Lo Communal House is actually a complex comprising two smaller worshipping temples in the front and a main building at the back. Between the two structures there is a dragon pavilion with the gong and drum chambers on both sides.
In detail, the front worshipping houses have 5 compartments and two annexes.
The main hall also has 5 wooden-floored compartments.
The ancient roofs stand out with high and bending corners.
Hung Lo Communal House is renowned for its impressive worshipping tools and marvelous carvings reflecting folk cultural values like the carvings of King Dinh Tien Hoang in his maneuver game with red flags or Burying in the dragon's set of teeth and Wrestling.
Located in Lau Thuong village, Trung Vuong commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho provice Lau Thuong Communal House is a place of worship to four tutelary Gods namely: God of Tan Vien Mountain, two (Queen) Trung Sisters and Ly Hong Lien, who did her credits of teaching people how to read and write, how to cultivate mulberry and breed silkworm.
The communal house of Lau Thuong was constructed in the 17th century, designed in the shape of letter Ding in Chinese transcription. The house was built in a large area including 5 compartments and two annexes of the front hall and 2 compartments of the apse, measuring 28 meters and 22 meters in width. There exist 6 rows of wooden pillars, making a total of 60. The diameters of a normal column and a small one are 0.75 meter and 0.56 meter respectively making the building one of the most meticulous ones in Phu Tho Province.
The house stills preserves 12 folk sculpture carvings, depicting the image of dragon “Quan Long Hoi Tu” (Dragons in festival), "Long Ly Quy Phuong” (four sacred animals: dragon-unicorn-tortoise-phoenix), "Luong Long chau nguyet” (Two dragons gazing at the moon).
The carving and intaglio techniques must have been of distinguished painstakingness and refinery.
Some ancient relics kept in Lau Thuong Communal House include the panel with big words, pairs of wooden panels on which are inscribed parallel sentences, 4 thrones, 4 trays and 5 ancient incense-burners made of terra-cotta.
Sited in An Thai hamlet, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province, An Thai communal house is 10 kilometers from the city center towards the south east and 5 kilometers from Hung temple towards the north west.
Being constructed from the Hau Le’s dynasty, at the end of the 17th century and in the beginning of the 18th century, the house had once been restored from Nguyen dynasty.
The house performing religious services to Hung Kings was structured in the shape of the letter Yi (in Chinese alphabet), consisting of a hall, 2 compartments and 3 annexes. The measurement is 18.4m in length and 13m in width.
The framework was like the bowels of a boat, following the rule of ancient architects, namely “thuong thu ha thach" (all supporting columns are bundled at the top, creating a stable structure).
The house has four rows of wooden pillars, which make up a total of 36 ones, including four major ones, 12 supporting and 20 cloisters’.
The four roofs create four intersectional angles, and bend upward in four tops.
The carvings inside were of great elegance, depicting “Dragon family” “Four sacred animals ".
The carving techniques in use are: intaglio or incise carvings and engraving typical of Hau Le dynasty An Thai communal house still presereves some ancient relics like: three thrones made in the eighteenth century, three pairs of wood panels, on which are inscribed parallel sentences, three hats of the Pacifying style, three incense burners and many other architectural, wooden sculptures of great value, Especially, An Thai has the traditional xoan festival.
The communal house was recognized as a national cultural heritage in 2006.
The relics are in Bach Hac commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho Province.
The complex of pagoda and temple is located in a perfect site, by the river.
Tam Giang Temple was built to worship Tho Lenh and Thach Khanh, who had found valuable medical treatments.
On growing up, both men joined the army of Hung Due Vuong, fighting against the enemy, and they were assigned to be in charge of the navy.
After their death, they were honoured to be Bach Hac River Gods, who later helped Tran army (under the leadership of Lord Tran Nhat Duat) in the wars against the foreign invaders.
Tran Nhat Duat was later awarded with Bach Hac prefecture and his statue was carved and worshipped beside those of Lord Thanh Hac - Tho Lenh Dai Vuong.
Both the temple and pagoda have been restored and renovated with gilt pillars, beams and wood panels.
The architecture of the altar and statues are of significant artistic values.
A huge sculpture picture depicting the scenery of some pagodas in Vietnam add to the beauty of the site and its attraction.
The temple is positioned at Hien Quan commune, Tam Nong district, Phu Tho province.
According to the legend; Hien Quan temple was built in early years, possibly the first years AD, and has gone under restoration several times.
Hien Quan temple is a place of worship to Thieu Hoa, a female general in Trung sisters' army who had made immense contribution to the struggle against To Dinh - the Chinese governor.
It is made up with two parts: the front worship hall and the apse. In detail, the front worshipping chamber measures 12 meters x 4.3 meters, the major pillars is 2.8 meters high, with the diameter of 0.35 meter. The main doorway measures 1.8 meters in height, 2.3 meters in width, and two side doors are 1.8 meters high and 0.9 meter wide.
The apse is 9.6 meters long, 4.6 meters wide, and the diameter of the column, on which the four sacred animals are carved, is also 0.35 meter.
The Communal House still stocks some valuable artifacts like palanquin which requires 8 people to carry on; poles, flags, phet sticks, phet balls and altar boards.
A prominent feature of the temple is traditional phet festival, an illuminating example of the national sportsmanship.
The shrine hall of Thieu Hoa is an addition to the main structure of the temple.
Phuc Khanh pagoda (or Hien Ouan pagoda) is situated in Hien Ouan commune, Tam Nong district, Phu Tho provice.
The time of construction of this pagoda has not been acknowledged, though, it went under restoration in 1964, 1978 and 1982.
The architecture of the pagoda follows the Noi cong ngoai quoc style; which means the inside area designed in the shape of the Chinese letter gong, and the outside border was designed like the shape of guo. The house comprises a bell tower front worship hall, main praying hall, corridor and ancestors worship hall.
Built on a large area of land, the building was beautifully decorated with the sets of carvings: dragon- unicorn-tortoise-phoenix, apricot-lotus-chrysanthemum-ivory bamboo.
The pagoda worships Buddhas, with a wide range of ancient statues dating from the 17th century. It also worships Thieu Hoa, a female general in Trung Sisters’ army.
Being Sited in Hien Quan commune, Tam Nong district, Phu Tho Province.
the house is a place of worship to 4 heroes namely Son Thong, Thien Cuong, Hac Long, Ho Lan who had made great contribution to the war to protect the land and borders of Hung Kings against Thuc army.
The house has the shape of the Chinese letter ding and consists of two blocks: the Great Hall and the apse.
The present Great Hall was constructed in 1993 with 5 compartments, each has 3 doors. The main doorway measures 2.7 meters in height, 3.3 meters in width while two side doors measure 2.1 meters in height and 1.6 meters in width.
Pairs of wood panels with letters Inscribed were hung above the doors.
The top roof of the house was adorned with two dragons gazing at the moon.
The 2-compartment apse has two annexes, with three rows of pillars, the main one of which measures 3.3 meters and the smaller ones are 2.9 meters high.
On the ceiling joists are other images of dragons serving the moon.
The house still keeps the set of high desks, measuring 2.2 meters. The set comprises 3 layers, decorated with lotus, banyan leaves and gorgeous strings of Chrysanthemum, expressing the arts of Hau Le dynasty in the 18th century.
It can be said that the constructions of Hien Quan temple and pagoda together with Phet festival deserves to be an attractive tourist destination.
Phung Nguyen is in Kinh Ke hamlet Lam Thao district, the relics was discovered in 1959.
Phung Nguyen culture; also called Phung Nguyen relics have marked the beginning of Dong Son culture, in the period right before Hung Kings.
The relics date from the prehistory of metalworking, about 3000 years ago.
A number of ancient relics have been excavated; the majority of them are stone tools, which have proven the skillful stone manipulation techniques. These include stone tools, jewelries like bracelets, ear rings, and precious nephrite beads and long, thin stone sticks.
Besides, there are ceramic wares (patterns and flowered trays) together with lots of rice grains, presenting that their owners were employed in agriculture.
Phung Nguyen culture has inspired the blooming of Dong Don culture, and has also been a noteworthy scientific proof for the existence of a culture closely related to the arising of Van Lang State.
Located in Tu Xa hamlet, Lam Thao district, Phu Tho provice, the relics sites was discovered 1961. It was considered to be so typical that a culture was named after this relics.
This archeological relic has been nationally recognized, and was excavated 1972.
The excavation results have proven that this used to be the habitat of Go Mun people, and the burial site of Dong Son people.
The relics found includes the track of cooking places, holes where posts had once been put, ceramics and bronze wares.
The relics also consist of household wares and bronze weapons: javelims, arrows, spears, axes and diverse chi naware like bowls, pots and jugs, jars, etc.
Go Mun relics are typical representation of Bronze Age in Vietnam.
Being situated in Lang Ca, Tho Son commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province, and had been discovered in 1959, the relics has been nationally recognized.
Archeological findings have revealed that this used to be the habitat, and then the burial site of old Viet people in Hung Kings' time.
The relics dated from the 2nd century BC to the 2nd century AD.
A number of 315 tombs have been discovered; relics comprise ‘Ancient Duong dynasty' (Chinese) ceramics, bronze labour tools, bronze moulds, and pouring pots.
The relic site have become significant in scientific and historic research on Van Lang capital under the reigns of Hung Kings.
Situated in Thanh Dinh commune, Viet Tri city; Phu Tho province, the relic was first discovered in 1960 and called Thanh Dinh bronze relics, parts of Dong Son culture.
The relics were later excavated in 1994 and 2003, revealing the habitat and burial site of ancient Viet people.
The relics unearthed consists of stone tools, axes, graters and ear rings, together with ceramic wares like pots and jars..., animal fangs, and bronze weapons: battle axes, daggers, spears., and bronze tools, and wind instruments, drums, small bells and tintinnabulum.
Go De archaeological relics containing of diverse tools, conveying the development of ancient Viet indigenous civilizations of Van Lang State.
Boasting a long history, Phu Tho is renowned as the cradle of Vietnam civilization; thus, Phu Tho people have been restoring and developing traditions and typical features of Vietnamese people.
The people here are famous for their creativeness, their perseverance in struggling, their kind-heartedness and artistic souls.
Craft villages of Phu Tho province are illuminating evidence for the observation.
Phu Tho's small industrial and handicrafts production have taken pride in their long history of development.
Perhaps, the traditional handicrafts are not highly efficient but these indigenous products create a considerably typical image for Phu Tho people.
Along the national highway numbered 32 by Hong riven tourists would arrive at Phu Lac, a mountainous village of Cam Khe district, Phu Tho provice.
It is a great chance to sink in a unique world of traditional bamboo charcoal handicrafts, ranging from sophisticated glasses, natural vases, and lovely coffee spoons to delicate blinds, and fragrant orchid baskets.
Bamboo charcoal with artistic beauty has become invaluable for filtering water and deodorizing, which are of great benefits for human health and the environment.
Bamboo charcoal products are of popularity among consumers in developed countries including Japan, South Korea, and China as they are capable of absorbing the harmful substance in the air and in water.
Bamboo charcoal is made from burning bamboo trees, with great care and lots of skills because the ending products may be burnt over into ash or otherwise into coal during a shorter period than required.
Temperature needs to be adjusted to harden and widen the surface of charcoal like iron.
However hard the job sounds, charcoal production of Phu Lac (Cam Khe) enjoys its prestige on the market share as a results of its superior quality.
Although it is not as hectic as other traditional craft villages in Hong River delta region.
Do Xuyen has become a traditional craft village with unique products and its distinctive quietness.
The origin of the village’s bamboo weaving occupation is not acknowledged, though, one cannot deny that it has helped Do Xuyen people survive from a variety of flooding seasons and become an important part-time job for villagers.
The villages products are very simple and hardly needs any investment but skillful hands. The low-profit production has to some certain extent presented the prestige villagers' culture and life in the competitiveness of market mechanism.
The major manufactured goods of Do Xuyen village is bamboo fiberboard for construction with various designs, meeting customers' needs: ceiling fiberboard, measuring 1 meter x 3 meters, or 1 meter x 4 meters, or bamboo containers of varied sizes and reasonable prices.
Do Xuyen can be named as a Bamboo mat village because its bamboo products are widely sold and have created financial resources for villagers.
Furthermore, another typical product is Mam Chap still in existence in spite of the market mechanism.
Nowadays, the occupation of chap bamboo production has witnessed great development up to now, thanks to the investment by Hon Ngoc Vien Dong Ltd., Company the products of Do Xuyen village including bamboo dishes, bowls, and chopsticks have been exported to foreign markets, which is of an immense support for Do Xuyen people to restore the traditional occupation and improve their life.
Being famous nationwide as the home of palm trees, Phu Tho has inevitably develops the conical hat occupation, which is of small-scale, though.
Unlike conical hats of Chuong village in Ha Tay province, Phu Tho conical hats’ most recognizable feature is their simplicity harmonious lines, durableness and reasonable price.
A wide range of villages in Phu Tho are involved in hat production occupation; among them, there arise some prominent ones including Son Nga, Sai Nga, Thanh Nga, Dong Phu and Phu Khe.
The oldest craft village is Son Nga; however; its production of cone hats has now diminished as a result of their low cost-effectiveness.
Sai Nga is comparatively the biggest conical hat producers in the region in recent decades. The village has become a large workshop bustling all day with manufacturing processes of leaf cutting, ironing, designing and hat sewing.
A good hat is defined as the one with beautiful and even sewing lines and smooth surface.
Interestingly the most beautiful one has a verse of romantic poem, or a picture placed in between two layers of thin leaves.
Have you ever stopped in a small shop in roadside to sip a cup of tea on a freezing winter day and noticed the use of a handicraft product of Viet Nam countryside to keep warm for the cup of tea?
It is U Am - traditional teapot warm keeper, which may be considered as the product only for nostalgic people. In modern life, there are many electrical appliances but the teapot warm keeper have been conventionally used in many Vietnamese families and become a favorite souvenir for foreign tourists.
Son Vy a small village of Lam Thao district, Phu Tho province is native land of the unique product.
The occupation of producing teapot warm keepers has expanded in Son Vy Village for more than 100 years, despite of ups and downs in social development.
Villagers have skillfully and artistically created the teapot warm keeper with an exceptional design.
Each teapot warm keeper has turned out to be a familiar utensil of each family throughout the year.
Son Vy’teapot warm keeper was awarded silver medal in the National Handicrafts And Fine Arts Products Fair.
If more efforts are invested in improving its decoration and design, the cost effectiveness of Son Vy teapot warm keepers will be considerably increased, which are a considerable stimulation for the development of traditional craft village.
Doan Ket Hamlet of Hung Lo commune, Phu Ninh district has been well-known for processing vermicelli, rice noodle and rice sheets for hundreds of years.
The hamlet's products have established their brand name and won customers’ trust with their high quality.
For years, the craft village has been in humble and tenacious existence, surprising visitors with the bustling working environment of grinding workshops and many generations of Hung Lo people have grown up with the occupation.
Production of glass noodle and rice noodle hardly requires huge investment so any family can run the business.
Machinery has now replaced the manual manufacturing process, which was in use for decades. A household can now produce 200-300 kilograms per day, helping Hung Lo commune to supply dozens of tons of dried foods such as vermicelli, noodle and rice paper and to market on a daily basis.
Minh Duc Carpentry Village is located in Thanh Uyen commune of Tam Nong district, Phu Tho provice.
The foremost products of the village are commonly-known furniture of beds, cupboards, wardrobes.
Despite of their unpretentious appearance and design, the products have enjoyed popularity because of high quality which satisfy customers’ needs. However; that does not necessarily mean Minh Duc carpentry is without typical splendor.
The origins of carpentry occupation in the village are not known, though; it has become the major of all villagers, earning an annual income of tens of billions of VNDs.
Minh Duc wooden products have widespread to every corner of the nation from rural to urban areas, though, not every user knows its origin.
Placing the trade mark on each product has been all villagers’ desire.
One interesting way to reach a new land and new culture is to enjoy foods there.
The idea is always right because gastronomy is cultural characteristics of each region.
Phu Tho, the ancestor’s land, will serve friends and guests from every corner of country with its special-but- popular dishes.
Lang: habitat living is wide, deep and strong current rivers.
The fishes live in the bed of the river and their food is small animals.
They only appear on the water surface when they are grown-up so fishermen can catch big fish of few kilos to dozens of kilos.
Lang fish is the best tasty catfish.
In the three rivers junction of Viet Tri, there is Anh Vu fish which is considered the rarest river fish.
Anh Vu fish also live in river bed eating mosses on stones. They shelter in caves during the summer time and go out in autumn and winter seasons.
So Anh Vu fish can be caught only in chilled and misty days.
In the feudal period, Anh Vu fish were dedicated to kings only.
Chay fish live in a section of Thao River of Thanh Ba district.
The fish has two delicious spawns.
Connoisseurs don’t hesitate to choose Chay fish for their meals.
In recent years, in Viet Tri city there have been some restaurants serving these fishes.
The most well-known and well- established one is Quan Ca Bo Song (Riverside Fish Restaurant) and following by Quan Ca Bach Hac (Bach Hac Fish Restaurant) and some others.
In recent years, Banh Tai (Tai Cake), a special snack of Phu Tho town ship has regained its reputation. Tai Cake is used in wedding and parties as substituting rice.
Tai Cake has been presented and become a nosh of people of Hanoi and many regions nationwide.
The cake cannot last longer than a day, therefore it requires great care.
Phu Tho Tai Cake has been made by Phu Tho village for long time and called Hon Cake.
The cake is shaped like an ear made from rice powder filled with pork. In fact, the recipe and tools are not too complicated but not everyone can succeed.
Like in the old tome, choosing what rice for making cake is a decisive factor to the taste of the cake. Rice must be soft and glutinous.
After being rinsed, rice is soaked into cold water for a period ranging from two hours to half of a day.
Then rice is ground into powder and made into pieces, which requires the cake makers to use his, or her strength to ensure absolute mixture After that, the powder pieces will be ground in a mortar, and modeled with hand (without any mould).
Skillful people can ensure cakes of same shape, like a thin ear, with pork in the middle.
In the next stage, cake are steamed for 30-60 minutes.
During the process, it is recommended not to make the powder curdle.
Tai Cake is the most delicious on being served hot.
Eating Tai Cake we cannot us spoon or folk but just by hands or a piece of banana leaf. It is the best way you can enjoy the taste of cake completely. It is well blended among glutinous, sweet taste and good smell.
Also being cooked into the 7 dishes like other regions, but Viet Tri Dog Meat has its own taste thanks to professional cooking.
Choosing the meat ingredient plays an important part, omitting the use of commercial fed dogs; dogs raised by mountainous minority people are favorable. Preparing process and using spices are secrets handed over generation to generation within family.
After enjoying dishes, I just can describe as follows: the meat is soft, color is nice. Sausages and grilled meat have good smell and soft.
And dish of steamed dog legs has unfor-gettable taste and smell.
Last dish o stewed bones with green papaya is really a specialty of the midland region.
Viet Tri’ people take pride in their popular gastronomy. And I am sure that if you once visit Viet Tri you would be offered the delicious and special dishes.
Doan Ket Road is considered a center of Viet Tri Dog Meat with about 20 restaurants serving the dishes.
The restaurants have existed for many years but still in simple decoration. The restaurant owners here confirm that well-decorated compartments and well-designed tables are unsuitable for enjoying Viet Tri Dog Meat dishes.
Melientha suavis has been listed in Vietnam Red Book, and the most valuable vegetables among 300 edible ones in Xuan Son National Park.
Having favourable conditions of altitude, humidity and soil, Xuan Son National Park enjoys the biggest number of natural grown melientha suavis in Vietnam.
Melientha suavis is not only important in ecological diversity but also a delicious vegetable for human beings.
The top, leaves, flowers can be cooked in soup, while ripe fruits is edible.
The plants have economic values, medical usages, and also environment significance, because they can last hundreds of years, playing an essential role in reforestation procedure of the National Park.
Melientha suavis can be grown from seeds, or roots and introduced between and among reforested plants or spread between fruiting plants.
The plant is now scattered among other fruiting trees in Xuan Son National Park and neighboring villages.
It is known that the all three regions of Vietnam share a common feature, i.e. possessing delicious grapefruit breeds.
Phuc Trach Pomelo is a specialty of sunny and windy Central region, while Nam Roi Pomelo is grown in fertilize land of South region, and Doan Hung pomelo planted in Doan Hung district of Phu Tho province is quintessence of midland area.
Doan Hung Pomelo also called "Phu Doan Pomelo" is well known with its special characteristics of small size; juiciness, sweet and soft taste and thin skin.
Today Doan Hung district boasts more pomelo breeds such as Bang Luan grape-fruit characterized by big size and yellow skin, hybrid plumose with big size and sour taste; La Hoang pomelo; and Suu pomelo is a rare breed and the first option of connoisseurs.
Perhaps, what makes Doan Hung pomelo special is its extraordinary fragrance.
During Tet holiday the fragrance of Doan Hung grape-fruit displayed in ancestors' altar can inspire a cozy family atmosphere.
Moreover, the pomelo planting has been improving people living standard. Each fruit sent to every corner of the country represents the heart and soul of pomelo growers.
So Doan Hung Pomelo has a unique taste of simplicity but specialty.
Hong Hac (Hac Persimmon), a specialty of the ancestor land, was famous for being ranked in the first of five kinds of rare fruits dedicated to kings long ago.
Hong Hac is a pride of the ancestor land's people.
So far, many persimmon gardens in Viet Tri have life-size and hundred-year-old plants.
Unlike other persimmon, Hong Hac are of big size, squares shape, crispiness and sweet taste without seeds.
Newly-picked Hong Hac have first to be soaked in glazed terra-cotta jars with water taken from a stone well in Tien Cat Viet Tri city for three days to make them sweeter and crispier and more yellow.
Hong Hac is simple and natural as manner of the locals.
Cherishing a persimmon and peeling it with a sharp knife, one can feel the sweet fragrance, and elegant taste that seems to inspire the soul.
The freshness, crispiness and sweetness lasts for long time, leaving unforgettable pleasure.
Enjoying Hong Hac in the mid-Autumn party under the moonlight night is a wonderful and remarkable moment.
Among dozens of tea products, Phu Tho people have choosen a simple and natural drink to serve friends and guests. It is Fresh Green Tea.
Talking about the fresh and tonic drink, everyone may suppose it was simply processed.
What you only need to do is to choose some dozens of fresh tea leaves rinsed in water and dip into in to a jar with hot water, and serve after 20 or 30 minutes.
It is right but not enough for the simple but elegant drink.
Observing the way of enjoying fresh green tea of people here, we can under-stand the “tradition” of the gastronomy.
Choosing the tea plant for fresh green tea drink must be done with care.
To ensure the fine color and scent and sweet-harsh taste, you should choose tea plants growing in a hustle with others plants in forests.
The feet of trees are rough and as big as a house column, and leaves are sometimes too high to be picked.
If you like harsh taste, you should choose the trees growing in areas of sunlight. While, if you like sweet taste, the trees under shadow is the option.
The best tea leaves are yellowish, with stable stems.
Water making the fresh green tea is also selected proper resource.
There is something mysterious, each village has only one water source for making tea. It is called Gieng Que (homeland well).
The fresh green tea connoisseurs use terra-cotta kettles to cooking tealeaves and cork the spout to avoid overflowing quintessence.
Sipping fresh green tea while chatting with friends is to ease the thirst during hard-working days, to feel home when being homesick and make the sweet-and-harsh taste in our memory forever.
Hong Ngoc II Hotel
Address: 938 Hung Vuong Avenue, Tho Son ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210.3862026
Conveniently located on Hung Vuong avenue, Hong Ngoc II Hotel takes pride in 100 rooms equipped with 182 comfortable beds and the best facilities. Services such as massages, taxi, Karaoke, Asian and Western food, etc. are offered at the hotel.
Hoang Long Hotel
Address: 2454 Hung Vuong Avenue, Tho Son ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3952410
Also situated on Hung Vuong Avenue, Hoang Long Hotel has become one of the finest two-star hotels in Phu Tho with a total of 40 rooms, including 67 comfortable beds. The hotel also provides convenient services such as: massages, Karaoke, etc. A variety of food, from Western to Asian is served at four dining rooms which can accommodate 600 people.
Ha Noi Hotel
Address: 2191 Hung Vuong Avenue, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3849950
Ha Noi Hotel has diversified rooms with full modern facilities: 33 well - equipped rooms with a total of 57 beds; 2 spacious dining rooms consisting of 250 seats and one meeting room for 150 guests.
Sinh Thai Hotel:
Address: Block 2, Van Co ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3857324
Covering a total area of 13,000square meters, Sinh Thai Hotel is a perfect site for relaxation with 30 large bedrooms providing 72 enjoyable beds. The hotel also boasts a large swimming pool, tennis - court, ecological lake for fishing and relaxing. Western and Asian food are available.
Cau Tay Hotel:
Address: Block 4, Van Phu ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3954099
Sited in a total area of 2.000 square meters, Cau Tay Hotel features 30 spacious bedrooms set with 55 pleasant beds. The hotel also provides massages services. 70 seats in two dining rooms are available with high quality Asian and Western food.
Huong Giang Hotel
Add: Block 4, Van Phu, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel.: (84-210) 3952 784
located in a total area of 10,000 square meters, Huong Giang hotel is well - equipped with 75 magnificent rooms and 135 pleasant beds. A hall and a dining room are capable of housing 250 people. It is also convenient for guests to enjoy messages services and taxi.
Bao Chau Hotel
Add: Group 1A, block 1, Van Co ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel.: (84-210) 3954919
Covering a total area of 1000 square meters, Bao Chau hotel consists of 31 spacious rooms featuring 34 comfortable beds. A huge dining room and hall are spacious enough for 200 guests. Massages services are available.
Bai Bang Hotel
Add: Phong Chau town, Phu Ninh district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3829351
Situated in an area of 56,000 square meters, Bai Bang hotel is one of the finest two - star hotels in Phu Tho. It is a perfect 55-room hote with a total of 100 comfortable beds. 4 dining rooms are capable of housing 500 people.
Significantly, the hotel has separated villa satisfying the needs of relaxation for large family.
BAPACO Hotel
Add: Phong Chau town, Phu Ninh district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3829023
Set in a large area of 4000 square meters, BAPACO Hotel comprises 33 rooms with 46 beds. The dining room and meeting room can serve a total of 200 guests, and a high standard swimming pool is in use.
Hong Ngoc Hotel
Add: 1482 Hung Vuong Avenue, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city; Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3829023
Hong Ngoc Hotel locates in a total area of 2000 square meters in the heart of Viet Tri city.
Being one of the most comfortable two - star hotels in Phu Tho, the six-storey hotel serves 75 rooms featured by 145 beds. Massages and taxi service are available.
Khanh Ly Hotel
Add: Group 33, Thanh Binh road, Thanh Mieu ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3912588
The 7-floor hotel has been furnished with 22 spacious rooms and 41 beds. The hotel's two large dining rooms can accommodate 150 people. Specially, guests can enjoy music, tea and coffee as well as city overview on the 7th floor.
Phuong Nam Hotel
Address: 1498 Hung Vuong Avenue, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3845125
Covering a total area of 4590 square meters, Phuong Nam hotel takes pride in 39 bedrooms including 76 beds. A dining room and meeting room can lodge a group of 600 people. A variety of food, from Western to Asian is served. Massages services are of great convenience.
HoBiCo Hotel
Address: Group 4, Van Phu ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3954089
The hotel consists of 22 large rooms furnished with 49 beds. Especially, the hotel's house on stilts can take in 200 guests.
Located in a private location, the hotel can obviously ensure the relaxing and peaceful environment for guests.
Dao Ngoc Hotel
Address: Thao River town, Cam Khe district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3467829
Spreading over a total area of 3200 square meters. Dao Ngoc hotel provides 30 bedrooms supplying 45 beds. Massages service is available. The hotel’s four large dining rooms can accommodate 400 guests with a variety of Western and Asian food.
Minh Ngoc Hotel
Address: Group 1, Van Phu commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3860868
The hotel features 20 rooms with 35 comfortable beds. It also provides massages services and taxi.
A Dong Hotel
Address: Group 1, Van Phu ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3857279
The hotel includes 21 rooms with a total of 35 beds; it also provides massages services and taxi.
Lo River Hotel
Address: Tran Phu Street, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3843468/3846245
Labour Union Plaza Hotel
Address: 1594 Hung Vuong Avenue, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3856567/3810888
The hotel was built with 11 rooms. It is perfect hotel for the guests to join music clubs or enjoy coffee in an extravagant and relaxing atmosphere.
Anh Dao Hotel
Address: Group 3, Km 5, Ha Loc commune, Phu Tho town, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3760204/3760217
Making up an area of 5000 square meters, Anh Dao hotel provides 45 bed rooms consisting of 62 comfortable beds. The hotel’s dining room and meeting room can host 160 people. Massages services are available.
Thien Thanh Hotel
Address: Thanh Son town, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: (84-210) 3611909
Making up an area of 5000 square meters, The hotel possesses 38 rooms featuring 49 comfortable beds. 4 dining rooms can accommodate 250 people. Guests are welcome to enjoy natural views and fresh air; typical of mountainous area.
Thuy Tien Hotel
Address: Group 2, Van Phu commune, Phu Tho town, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210.3210656
Tuan Hai Hotel
Address: Group 8, Phu Loc commune, Phu Tho town, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210.3865021
Hoa Nam Hotel
Address: 64, Bach Hac ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210.3861333
Huong Rung Hotel
Address: 8, Phu An street, Phong Chau ward, Phu Tho town, Phu Tho provinces.
Tel: 0210 3861333
Luu Thuy Hotel
Address: 114, Phu An street, Phong Chau ward, Phu Tho town, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3820384
Song Vang Hotel
Address: Thanh Son town, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3873378
Hai Nam Hotel
Address: 19/5 Bridge Group, Thuc Luyen commune, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3611117
Van Xuan Hotel
Address: Group 12, Co Tiet commune, Tam Nong district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3794034
An Binh Guest House
Address: Group 8, Hy Cuong commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 2211553
Quynh Trang Guest House
Address: Group 6, Ha Hoa town; Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0915.614202
Tho Chinh Guest House
Address: Group 8, Ha Hoa town, Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0915.883300
Anh Duc Guest House
Address: Administration area, Dau Lo, Doan Hung town, Doan Hung district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3880558
A Dam Guest House
Address: Cau Dat area, Thanh Son town, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3873998
Nam Cuong Guest House
Address: Tan Tien area, Doan Hung town, Doan Hung district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3881915
Ancient Hue Guest House
Address: Group 7, Thanh Minh commune, Phu Tho town, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 6212104
Song Thao Guest House
Address: La Phu commune, Thanh Th district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3877473
Trang Anh Guest House
Address: Co Tiet commune, Tam Nong district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3794002
Hong Lan Guest House
Address: Group 3, Ha Hoa town, Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3883242
Hoang Anh Guest House
Address: 76, block 4B, Hai Ba Trung Street, Tho Son ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3911133
Hoang Loc Guest House
Address: Group 4, Ha Hoa town, Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3837900
Thanh Tra Guest House
Address: Group 9, Ninh Dan commune, Thanh Ba district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3661040
559 Guest House
Address: Block 1, Bo Me group, Phong Chau town, Phu Ninh district, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3827067
Nga Dao Guest House
Address: Group 4, Viet Hung Street, Ben Got ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3862797
Hac Tri Fish Restaurant
Address: Tien Cat ward, Viet Tri city,Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3845 839
Hong Su Goat Meat Restaurant
Address: Thanh Son town, Thanh Son District, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3612600
Quang Hue Dog Meat Restaurant
Address: Doan Ket street, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3848616
Dai Phu Gia Sea - Food Restaurant
Address: Thuy Van industrial zone, Van Phu ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3954343
Xuan Tham Restaurant
Address: Hong Ha street, Tien Cat ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province 
Tel: 0210 3848415
Fish Restaurant Riverside
Address: Tien Cat ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3846013
Hong Son Goat Meat Restaurant
Address: Doan Ket Street, Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3849464
Huong Bien Sea Food Restaurant
Address: Tho Son ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3858058
Noi Hien Restaurant
Address: Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3846625
Thanh Binh Dog Meat Restaurant
Address: Gia Cam ward, Viet Tri city,Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3847509
Phu Nam Sea Food Restaurant
Address: Group 4, Van Phu commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3955155
Huong Thuy Restaurant
Address: Lam Thao town, Lam Thao district, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3825014
Mountainous Trading Joint Stock Company Restaurant
Address: Bach Dang Street, Au Co ward, Phu Tho town, Phu Tho province.
Tel: 0210 3821329
Tinh Tam Vegetarian Restaurant
Address: Tien Cat ward, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province
Tel: 0210 3840846
Weather Da Nang
Da Nang has a tropical monsoon climate, typically high and rather invariable temperature.
There are two seasons annually: rainy season lasting from August to December and dry season from January to July.
From January to July: During the day, the sun blazes; so bring a sunscreen jacket and lotion.
In the evening, t-shirt and shorts are highly recommended for flexibility.
From August to December: Be prepared with a raincoat or umbrella for sudden rain. Also, it is cool and chilly during November
Click here to view detailed information about the weather forecast today, tomorrow and the next day
Danang Tourism Logo &amp; Slogan
The main creation idea is the stylization of 2 letters D and N, first letters of Da Nang.
The logo’s parts are created by sturdily rising lines and lively colors to represent the idea of the variety and young vitality of Danang.
To increase the visual efficiency, logo is embossed with split lines.
The embossment can be clearly perceived at a distance observation.
Clear-cut features in the creation confirm the idea of the strong development of Danang.
5 parts in logo represent for 5 mountains of Marble Mountains.
As a famous landscape, Marble Mountains deserves one of the most meaningful symbols for Danang tourism.
5 parts with 5 bright colors showcase the young, dynamic city.
Each color represents one feature of Danang tourism.
Green symbolizes for the purity and the natural diversity.
Yellow and orange show the tropical sunlight sparkling on waves, on sand.
Red and purple mean the beauty of enthusiasm and friendliness of Danang people.
And blue arouse the image of “one of the most luxurious beaches in the world”… The gracefulness of logo’s forming and color is based on the steady platform that is DANANG and slogan “Fantasticity!” to make the perfect whole.
Besides obvious meanings, the logo form arouses the image of sails fill with wind.
Not only do sails heading for the sea represent a picturesque coastal city, but they also symbolize the young vitality and the strong will of development.
That is about Danang in my perception: young, dynamic and blooming.
Overall, the combination of color parts makes a blossom that represents a charming Danang, an auspicious Danang.
This is also a blossom opening in hearts of tourists when they come to Danang.
Danang is neither a heritage destination like Hue, Quang Nam nor a vibrant, bustling tourist city like Nha Trang but with the sustainable development strategy, the city is building up values of the diversity, the friendliness, the association with heritages, the preservation and consolidation of tradition, the improvement of living standards…
I have read an article introducing that Danang people seem not know how to marketing for tourism. If you ask Danang people what special things Danang has, they may hesitate to give you answer but they can take care of your journey, let you experience and feel on your own. Therefore, good feelings about Danang naturally sprout in your heart.
What are my good feelings? Well, they are… Charming smiles of visitor supporting team, of tourism pedicab riders are very typical for the friendliness of Danang.
Modern, unique bridges reveal the dynamic development of Danang.
White sandy beaches full of sunshine and undiscorvered virgin forests paint the gorgeous natural picture.
Scattered traditional villages which await to be recovered recall the cultural beauty of Quang Da area … Each part, each color, each beauty felt by tourists when they visit Danang opens a petal of sympathetic flower that would be blooming in their heart once they completely feel Danang’s beauties.
Tourists have to utter a compliment “FantastiCity!” or “Fantastic City!”.
Slogan “FantastiCity!” is the combination of “Fantastic” and “City”.
Because having “C” in common, 2 words are joined together to become 1 strange and interesting word that sounds like a noun.
The slogan is easily understandable.
With an exclamation mark at the end, the slogan “FantastiCity!” is a compliment from satisfied and happy tourists.
Slogan “FantastiCity!” represents the philosophy of Danang tourism: The satisfaction and happiness of tourists for their discovery and experience in the fantastic city.
Tuong Performances
FIRST PERFORMANCE: The countryside Picture
Performing organization: NGUYEN HIEN DINH CLASSICAL DRAMA THEATER
An introduction of Vietnamese Classical Drama (” Tuong”), a unique form of traditional stage arts including ” Tuong” extracts, Pieces of traditional musical performance and typical Vietnamese folk dance.
SECOND PERFORMANCE: A Flimpse of VietNam
Performing organization : Minh Nhat arts company
An introduction of traditional costumes and their charming stylizations as well as lively dances of Vietnamese ethnic.
Sky Bar 36 Da Nang
Floor 35 -36, Novotel Danang Premier Han River, 36 Bach Dang Street, Hai Chau District, Da Nang
Bar Water Front
150 – 152 Bach Dang, Hai Chau, Da Nang
Bar New Space
161 Nguyen Tat Thanh, Hai Chau, Da Nang
There are no user’s engagement in 3 months recently, it might be closed, please contact the place before come!
On The Radio Bar/Pub 35 Thai Phien, Hai Chau, Da Nang
Cyclo Tour
Established in 2003, Danang tourism cyclo has been one of the most interesting services in the tour system and local tourist sites.
At the moment, the cyclo team is operated by Danang Center for Tourism Promotion with 70 members with qualified health condition, traffic law, language and first aid, street security.
The whole team is using vehicles which are re-designed, colorful with shade, suitable cushions for guests to travel.
The team members have to wear uniform.
Usually, the team parks in front of the big hotels such as Phuong Dong, Bamboo Green 1, 2, 3, Bach Dang Street, Han River, Sunriver, Green Plaza …
Tourists can use this type of service to explore Danang, especially Cham Sculpture Museum, along Bach Dang Street and Han river, to Pham Van Dong Street to enjoy the sea and outstand seafood, along Nguyen Tat Thanh to enjoy the view of Danang Bay.
Once coming to Danang, there will be a miss for tourists if they do not try to explore Danang on cyclo.
Day time:
– Cham Museum – Bach Dang St – Dong Da St – Ong Ich Khiem St – Hung Vuong St – Tran Phu St – Cham Museum
– Cham Museum – Le Dinh Duong St – Ong Ich Khiem St – Hung Vuong St – Tran Phu St – Cham Museum.
Night time:
– Cyclo team usually parks along Bach Dang St, serve on demand.
Tel: 0905499639 (Mr Thịnh)
Tour Price: 100,000 VND/hour/cyclo
Live Music Café
This is a form of musical performances and enjoyment.
Here, audiences will be able to enjoy many different types of music.
Another type of live music café is for student.
While other famous live music café is for high-end audiences, live music café for student is opened by students themselves and for their own.
Movie Cinema
CVG Cinema
Available for 2D and 3D movies
Tel: (+84)511.3666222 – Fax: (+84)511.3666220
Address: 4th floor at Vinh Trung Plaza, 255-257 Hung Vuong St, Thanh Khe District
Website: www.cgv.vn
CVG VINCOM Da Nang
Available for 2D and 3D movies
Tel: (+84)511 3747 666
Address: 4th floor, Vincom Trade Center Da Nang, Ngo Quyen, Son Tra, Da Nang
Website: www.cgv.vn
Lotte Cinema
Available for 2D and 3D movies
Tel: (+84)511.3679 667 – (+84)511.3679 668 – Fax: (+84)511.3679 669
Address: 5th floor at Lotte Mart Danang, Hai Chau District
Website: www.lottecinemavn.com
Cinezen Cinema
Available for 2D and 3D movies
Tel: (+84) 511.3823317
Address: 82 Tran Phu, Hai Chau Distric
Time: 5.00 PM – 7.30 PM – Ticket price: 30,000 VND/ticket
Le Do Cinema
Loại phim 2D
Tel: (+84)511.3822 574 – Time: 5.00 PM – 7.30 PM
Address: 46 Tran Phu St, Hai Chau District
Ticket price: 30,000 VND/ticket
Seventeen Saloon Bar
Z76 Tran Hung Dao, Son Tra, Da Nang
New Phương Đông Bar
20 Dong Da, Hai Chau, Da Nang
TV Club
118A Nguyen Chi Thanh, Hai Chau, Da Nang
Han River Cruise
Tourist will have a city tour on the Han river and enjoy the unique bridges in Vietnam:
– Han River Bridge: the only swinging bridge in Vietnam, representing the life of Danang City.
– Thuan Phuoc Bride: the longest suspension bridge in Vietnam.
– Dragon Bridge: the biggest steel dragon in the world.
– Tran Thi Ly Bridge: This is a type of cable-stayed bridge with an inclined pylon with 117m high, reflecting the image of a giant sail heading to the ocean.
Currently, Han River Cruise has been an attractive tourism service preferred not only by the local but also tourists coming to Danang.
Services available: food, drink and live music (extra costs depend on visitors’ demand)
http://tourism.danang.vn/en/things-to-do/cuisine/vietnamese-cuisine
Food Discovery
Delicious dishes of Hanoi
These days, when traveling to new places, you can easily find your favorite food to fulfill your stomach almost everywhere.
Still, there are some dishes with particular flavors that cannot be found anywhere unless you have to travel to places where they have been created to enjoy their original tastes.
Below are some tips to taste specialty dishes of Hanoi when you get a chance to visit the capital city of Vietnam
Pho (noodle soup)
Throughout the country, you can easily find yourselves a hot bowl of pho.
Yet if you are a food expert or you have been getting acquainted to the particular tastes of Hanoi pho, you will find that there is no such pho that can have the flavors of the one served in Hanoi.
The light sweet of the hot broth which floods the white rice noodle having particular flavors of Hanoi will bring you the most satisfying feeling.
rice vermicelli served with snails
Being one of the most famous dishes of Hanoi, bun oc can satisfy people at all ages.
The dish, however, is very simple, containing only rice vermicelli, several snails and the sour broth besides some herbs.
vermicelli served with tofu and shrimp paste
A Hanoi dish that makes people want to try immediately only by hearing its name. For a long time, bun dau mam tom has become a specialty that many people have to try whenever setting feet to the capital city.
A set of bun dau mam tom includes a dish of fresh rice vermicelli, fried tofu, shrimp paste mixed with lemon or kumquat juice, raw vegetables, and boiled pork. Some restaurants even add fried fish paste to the set. It will be a big mistake if visitors to Hanoi skip bun dau mam tom.
grilled pork paste served with Vietnamese rice vermicelli
rolled noodles
Apart from the renowned Hanoi pho noodle, pho cuon is not less delicious and its genuine taste can only be found in Hanoi.
Fried beef and herbs are rolled in the while rice paper cake and then the roll is dimmed into a sour and sweet sauce which is added with slices of pickle.
crab noodle soup
A popular street food of Hanoi which is favored by many people. It is not difficult for you to find a bistro or restaurant selling banh da cua at a reasonable cost.
It is a delicious dish with many positive points as it is easy to taste and it neither makes your stomach heavy nor causes you to get tired of eating the food.
The crab noodle soup is normally served with cha lua (Vietnam’s pork sausage), boiled water spinach, bean sprouts, mingled in the mouthwatering aroma of fried shallots and the greasy taste of roasted peanuts.
deep fried fermented pork, grilled fermented pork
Although being considered snack, nem chua is indeed the one-and-only specialty of Hanoi.
If the grilled one has an eye-catching yellow color along with a delicious greasy taste, the fried one has a pink color and brings eaters wonderful flavors created from a combination of pork meat and pigskin.
The two dishes can be found at many restaurants but it is recommended that you should come to the bistro at 36 Tam Thuong Street, Hang Gai Ward, Hoan Kiem District to taste the best fried fermented pork of Hanoi and visit the restaurant at 10 Au Trieu Street in Hoan Kiem District to have the most tasty grilled fermented pork of the capital city.
tofu sweet soup
Appearing in the capital city for several years now, the mixed tofu sweet soup has quickly become a favorite snack to reduce the heat in hot days of young people in Hanoi.
Normally, a bowl of mixed tofu sweet soup includes lotus seed, red bean, jelly, and dried copra. All of those ingredients will then be flooded with the syrup which has the fragrance of jasmine and the greasy coconut milk.
Trang Tien ice cream
The ice cream which for years has “enchanted” so many food lovers.
Trang Tien ice cream is famous for its particular flavors and a quality that cannot be mistaken for any ice cream product of other brands. Speaking of Trang Tien ice cream, people would remember the greasy taste of mung bean, the aroma smell of green rice, the sweet taste of milk chocolate and the light sweet of coconut milk. What makes Trang Tien ice cream a satisfying snack is its cost, which is especially reasonable.
Vietravel organizes Vietnammese Famtrip for delegations from Iran
With the aim of developing and expanding the market to the countries which have potential economy and tourism demand, at the same time, with the support of the Embassy of Vietnam in Iran, Vietravel is honored as an organizational unit and is the main sponsor for Famtrip tourism delegations including tourism companies from Iran.
Accompanying Vietravel also Pelican Cruises ship units (Ha Long), Eldora Hue hotel and Hoi An Beach Resort.
According to the schedule of visiting and working in Vietnam, the delegation will arrive at Noi Bai airport on May 26th, 2016, at 16:15, on flight QR 834.
With six-day cruise of "Hanoi - Ha Long - Hue - Da Nang - Hoi An - Saigon", Vietravel desires to introduce the overview about the beautiful and famous landscapes of Vietnam, thereby promoting the advantages of the new product line for the market that Vietravel intends for Iran tourist season in 2016 and the following years.
Famtrip program takes place in duration of 6 days (from May 26 to May 31, 2016), under which the group will explore the well-known and familiar landmarks through various forms of interconnected trip, this creates a variety of products and brings new feelings to visitors.
With this trip, the delegation will visit city tour of Hanoi, the city with thousand years of civilization, Hoan Kiem Lake, Ngoc Son Temple and Turtle Tower, etc. that carries mysterious history in each story.
Come to Ha Long Bay - World Natural Heritage, which is famous for its spectacular scenery and is one of the most attractive destinations in Southeast Asia.
The delegation can get on a boat and enjoy the system of caves, beaches and beautiful rocky islands such as Ga Choi island, Dog island, Luon cave, Sung Sot Cave, Soi Sim beach, Ti Top beach ... to continue trip, the delegation will arrive to Hue for the Imperial Citadel visiting by tram, visit Thien Mu pagoda.
Departure to Hoi An to visit Tan Ky ancient house, Japanese Covered Bridge, Phuc Kien Assembly Hall, workshops of traditional crafts and colorful market of Hoi An ... the delegation also has a day to discover My Tho, excurse on Tien river and visit Thoi Son islet, honey farm, learn the processes of coconut candy production, enjoy fruits on the orchards and Southern amateur music, and so on.
Besides the examination on some destinations in Hanoi, Ha Long, Hue, Hoi An, My Tho, etc, the delegation of mass media, travel businesses from Iran also has meetings and discussions with Vietravel’s Board of Director at the headquarters.
Accordingly, Vietravel will push to promote the image of Vietnam's tourism further as well as provide useful and necessary information to Iran visitors through the creation of new tourism products; improve the quality of services to increase the number of tourists from Iran to Vietnam.
Reportedly, at Tourism Expo 9th in Tehran (T.I.T.E) that took place from February 16 to February 19, 2016, Vietravel participated and met with Iranian tour operators, through which to learn, construct and develop business between the two parties to promote the potential market.
Business development target in 2016, Vietravel will strive up 30% of passenger arrives and make good use of every opportunity, overcome the challenge to diversify and expand the market; promotion, tourism boosting up; enhancing destination management, In particular, for the segment of Iran customers, Vietravel will continue to promote Vietnam's tourism image and construct a distinctive product with the best service to attract more number of tourists from Iran in the future, and effectively exploit the kind of MICE tours, events ... of this market segment.
For International tourists who are interested in Responsible tours.
In May 2nd 2014, Vietravel organized a responsible tour to Cu Chi for a group of teachers and students coming from Australia.
The group also visited the old battlefield in Long Tan commune, Dat Do district, Ba Ria Vung Tau province.
Many foreign tourists have special concerns about Responsible tours as they could do something to contribute for the local residents.
Responsible tours give tourists new emotional experiences in their life.
The group of 25 Australian teachers and students came to Vietnam to learn about Vietnamese history and carried out numerous charity activities.
The group visited Thien Phuoc house, which is home of disabled children, at Hamlet 6, An Nhon Tay commune, Cu Chi Dist, Ho Chi Minh city.
They also met and helped blinded children and students from a school named Nhat Hong in HCM city center.
In the evening, the group had dinner at KOTO restaurant where street kids are given opportunities to be trained for cooking and serving in a restaurant, to get ready for their future.
Just within some days, the group have connected all three humanity destinations together and made their tour so meaningful.
In the 14-day-long journey, the Australian students also spent time at the Old battlefield at Long Tan commune, Ba Ria Vung Tau Province which used to be a garrisoned place of Australian army during the Vietnam war.
They visited Long Tan Monument, Long Phuoc underground to experience and see the pictures of the old war in underground commander station, emergency stations and battlefield.
Long Tan battlefield is one of the favorite destinations for Australian tourists.
Besides, the worldwide famous Cu Chi tunnels were also visited as they could give them clear ideas of how severe the war was and how brave and creative the Vietnamese guerillas were in the war.
The tour “Visiting the old battlefield” seems not only for veterans but also for pupils, students- a young generation who don’t know much about wars happening in the past. They come to learn about the history of Vietnam, and the most important thing is to love the peace gained from harsh fighting in wars.
It is the purpose why Vietravel have designed numerous responsible tours to many historical places in Vietnam, which are the milestones in the country’s history.
MORE NEW AIR WAYS SHANGHAI- DANANG AND FUZHOU - HCMC
On Mar 31, 2014, two new airways from Shanghai to Danang and from Fuzhou to HCMC will officially come into operation simultaneously.
This is the sign to show that Vietnam is the focus point that Chinese tourists are heading for in 2014. Vietravel is cooperating with Vietnam Airlines and Spring Travel in China to efficiently exploit this world most populous market.
There will be 150 guests on the direct airway from Shanghai to Danang,.
Among them are 10 journalists from various newspapers and TV stations in Shanghai including Shanghai Morning Post; Xinmin Evening News; Travel+Leisure; Tourism World; Oriental Metropolis Broadcast; Spring Airlines; Changzhou TV (CTV) and Spring Airlines Magazine to promote for this event.
The flight from Shanghai to Da Nang operated by Spring Airlines wears number 9C8909, which is going to land at Da Nang Airport at 23h35 on March 31/2014.
As intended, the leaders from the Ministry of Culture-Sport-Tourism of Danang city and Vietravel Group as well as a huge number of journalists in Da Nang will be receiving this delegation.
According to the news from Spring Airlines, the airways from Shanghai to Ho Chi Minh city are proposed to commence end of June this year.
At the same time in Ho Chi Minh city, there will be also a reception of the first 180 guests from Fuzhou to Ho Chi Minh on the flight number VN 487, which is landing at Tan Son Nhat airport at 01:10 on April 1/2014.
This is the first group of guests travelling on this direct airway exploited by the cooperation between Vietnam Airlines and Vietravel Group.
VIETRAVEL PROUD TO TAKE LOGISTICS ASSIGNMENT CATERING FOR THE GREAT FESTIVAL VESAK 2014
On March 4, 2014, Buddhist Sagha of Vietnam has officially assigned Vietravel to be in charge of logistics for the great festival UN Vesak 2014 which will be organized in Vietnam. This is a great religious event attracting a great number of delegates, Buddhist scholars and Buddhist followers from around the world.
The great festival UN Vesak 2014 will be happening in Bai Dinh Pagoda, Ninh Bình from May 8- 10, 2014.
There are about 1.500 delegates from 100 nations and territories to attend this festival. Besides, there are also about 8.500 delegates, Buddhist monks and nuns from Vietnam to join them.
The main theme of this great festival is to contribute to achieve the development targets in this millennium of the United Nations, to promote the relationship between Buddhist Sagha of Vietnam and other countries around the world, to show the responsibility of Vietnam towards the United Nations, to introduce Vietnamese country and people with their traditional and Buddhistical culture and history, to develop the potentials of spiritual tourism, to popularize tourism image of Ninh Binh, to campaign the world and UNESCO to recognize Trang An attractions to be the World Natural Heritage.
According to the evaluations from the Ministry of Culture- Sport- Tourism and Ministry of Transportation, Buddhist Sagha of Vietnam has highly evaluated the good organizing skills of Vietravel through huge international events like Apec 2006, UN Vesak 2008. Once again, Vietravel has been officially assigned to take care of all the logistics including popularizing activities, handling all the transportations, providing accommodation, air tickets and 7 extra sightseeing programs for both international as well as domestic delegates and monks who attend this great Festival.
CHINESE VISITORS LOOK TOWARD VIETNAM TOURISM
From 7th to 13th March 2014, Vietravel will welcome a group of 10 reporters from Fuzhou city to Ho Chi Minh City for their 6-day trip to explore major highlights in Ho Chi Minh City such as Notre Dame Cathedral, the Central Post Office, the Reunification Palace, HCMC People’s Committee Head Office, Chinatown, Thean Hou Temple; Ho Tram and Vung Tau.
This is a trip to familiarize Fuzhou city local people with Ho Chi Minh City and Vung Tau, and to prepare for chartered direct flights from Fuzhou city to Ho Chi Minh City.
The first flight is expected to arrive in Ho Chi Minh City on March 31st 2014.
China, which is the most populous country in the world, is a market most expected by many countries, especially in the period of economic crisis as present.
One of Vietravel’s major partners in China such as Spring Travel whose headquarter is located in Shanghai and Beijing, has regarded Vietnam as a strategic destination for years. Accordingly, with their strong capacity, they have promoted direct flights from China to Vietnam departing from Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Guangzhou, and have continued to open other airline routes from Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Shenzhen, Kunming to Vietnam.
With average periods of stay from 3 to 8 days, Chinese visitors are interested in exploring Vietnam or Vietnam combined with Cambodia tour.
Chinese visitors coming to Vietnam are most interested in beach travel, enjoying seafood and shopping.
The most favorite destinations are Nha Trang and Da Nang, and the destination chosen for shopping is Ho Chi Minh City.
Shopping products attracting these visitors shopping include souvenirs, wooden handicrafts, processed products such as coffee, dried cuttlefish, dried shrimp, dried jackfruit, especially milk, as according to Chinese visitors, milk made in Vietnam is safer.
Flights from Shanghai to Da Nang, and from Fuzhou to Ho Chi Minh City will be started on March 31st 2014.
This is signalized that Vietnam is currently a focal point that Chinese visitors who are looking toward in 2014 and Vietravel is conducting corresponding investment to coordinate with its partners in China to effectively exploit this market through charter flights with thicker frequency in the coming time from July to October 2014.
Vietravel upgrades a Branch office in Phu Quoc Island
To perfect its nation wide network and to better the service in the West South region, Vietravel upgrades its transaction office into a Branch Office.
Now, Vietravel has a full network from Lao Cai province in the North to Ca Mau, Phu Quoc provinces in the South which is the biggest travel organization in Vietnam.
Phu Quoc has a lot of historical relics named “Red addresses” which attract many travelers.
Besides, Phu Quoc owns a wealthy tourism property of natural beaches including Bai Truong, Bai Sao, Bai Khem, Bai Gieng Tien, Bai Rach Vem. The best beautiful beach is Bai Dai on the North of the island, which was reported by ABC News Australia as one of top ten World’s natural and beautiful beaches.
With its available tourism advantages, for years Phu Quoc has been invested in infrastructure, construction of international airport, restaurants and hotels to attract tourists.
Also, famous airlines support to open direct routes from HCMC, Can Tho province, Hanoi to this island. This active action helps Phu Quoc to be one of the best destinations in Vietnam.
According to current survey, foreigners consider Phu Quoc island as the ideal address in Vietnam, along with Nha Trang, Danang.
The first direct airline route from Russia to Phu Quoc opened on 14 Feb 2014. This confirms that Phu Quoc is the ideal destination of 2014, promises a lot of tourism development in the coming year.
Playing as the pioneer in developing tourism industry and support regions to promote their tourism, Vietravel opened its office in Phu Quoc Island in 2009.
The office has been providing tourism services to local people and developing domestic and inbound business of Vietravel.
Realizing the new trend of tourism development in the island, Vietravel upgraded its office into a Branch office.
At a bigger scale, the office belongs directly to the Vietravel Head Office. Vietravel pays a special attention to the destination, hoping to better its service quality with more professional performance.
Vietravel develops tourism in North Central region of Vietnam
Nghe An province, a North Central region of Vietnam has potential tourism power in with beautiful beach, botanical diversity, exotic culture. On 21 Feb, 2014, Vietravel leader and officers of Nghe An province conducted a meeting of cooperation in promoting and developing tourism of this region in 2014.
Nghe An province’s opportunities of sustainable tourism development
In the meeting, Nghe An province’s officers presented about this region’s potential chance for tourism development in the coming year.
Nghe An locates in the North Central region of Vietnam, its convenient transportation system plays as the door of economic corridor among Mekong countries including Vietnam, Lao, Thailand, Myanmar.
It could be developed to be an attractive destination for inbound and domestic tourism business.
In additional, Nghe An has strong power of adventurous and leisure tourism thanks to its natural resource of beautiful beaches and primeval forest with vast botanical diversity.
UNESCO listed Pu Mat National Park, Phu Huong national reserve, Pu Hoat forest in its list of World Network of Biosphere Reserves.
Nghe An province is famous for its great people and heroic history. It has 1,395 historical and cultural relics, 132 of which have been listed National relics.
Also, Nghe An owns numerous intangible and cultural relics to attract tourists.
With such tourism power, Nghe An province have potential advantages to develop long term tourism, create its own and unique tourism products.
It is an ideal destination for those travelers love fresh and adventurous trips.
Vietravel – an active partner to develop tourism in Nghe An province
Realizing the region’s tourism opportunities, in May 2013, Vietravel opened a branch office in Vinh city, Nghe An province to perfect with its nation wide network as the best tourism agent in Vietnam.
The branch office has run effective business of serving the local people’s demand of travelling, played a bridge office to welcome foreign tourists to this province.
After the meeting with Nghe An province’s officers, Vietravel decided to promote the market to tourists from Hanoi, Southern provinces, Laos and Thailand.
Vietravel plans to support Nghe An province to design leisure, cultural and eco-tours.
This is a step for Vietravel to open new tours to the nearby markets of Quang Binh, Hue, Vietnam-Laos-Thailand with the transit Nghe An branch office.
Vietravel celebrates the first working day after Tet
In the morning 5th Feb, 2014, at the head office of Vietravel and its nationwide branch offices, the staffs celebrated the first working day in the beautiful spring.
After Tet holiday, Vietravel staffs with bright smiles willingly and happily greeted each other and promised new success.
At the head office in HCMC, in the very first working day, Mr.Nguyen Quoc Ky, General Director played as the representative leader, gave the best wish of good health, prosperity and happiness to all of his followers. He also thanked the best staffs and groups who presented the most active achievement in the high tourism season of Tet holiday 2014.
Following the good Vietnamese tradition, Vietravel’s directors give lucky money to all the staffs.
In nationwide branch offices, Vietravel staffs officially started the New Year on 5th Feb.
The company is ready to welcome and give services to customers in the New Year.
Vietravel staffs hope to be the best companion with tourists in all the journeys and commit to provide the best services to meet all the customers’ need anytime and anywhere.
The New Year started, Vietravel wish all the best and good luck to all.
Some images of the first working day in Vietravel’s head office and branch offices:
Staffs came early to met and wished each other a good New Year.
The spring appears everywhere
Vietravel’s leaders gave best wishes to their staffs.
Vietravel’s Leaders and officer of Labor Committee granted lucky money to staffs.
In Vietravel’s nationwide branch offices, its staffs happily started the New Year.
Leaders in branch office set meeting and sent their staffs with best wishes in the New Year.
In the very first working day, a lot of customers came to Vietravel office and bought tour in Spring.
The good first day promised a successful New Year to come.
VIETRAVEL OPENED NEW BOOKING OFFICE IN CHAU DOC
On the 28 December 2013 Vietravel officially opened a new booking office in Chau Doc, the capital city of An Giang province.
This is the 2nd point of interaction of Vietravel in An Giang and the 5th in the Mekong Delta region.
Vietravel’s liaison office and tour desk in Chau Doc is the 5th of its kind in the Mekong Delta region besides other branch offices which have been running in Can Tho, Long Xuyen, Phu Quoc and Ca Mau.
The office in Chau Doc is located at 69 Chi Lang Street, Chau Phu A Ward, Chau Doc City, An Giang Province.
At this tour desk tourists will be conveniently provided with all enquiries concerning air and train tickets, visa service, transportation, hotel booking and restaurant reservation.
In addition to the introduction of domestic and outbound tour programs to the locals, Vietravel Chau Doc would develop and offer to both local and overseas tourists unique travel products with local distinctions so tourists would have more choices.
Vietravel Chau Doc continues the pioneer spirit of Vietravel in the investment and development of new tourist attractions, making a contribution to An Giang’s tourism industry in the competitiveness in serving customers.
At the same time, tourists will have the opportunity to experience the unspoiled beauty with significant culture of the dwellers in the Mekong river basin, the land that bears the profound imprint of centuries old traditions.
The event of launching Vietravel office in Chau Doc, once again marked a milestone in the continuous development of Vietravel with the orientation towards customers’ benefit.
Vietravel is proud to be the travel company in Vietnam with most extensive presence network with the total of 47 offices inside and outside Vietnam.
In 2013 Vietravel opened and brought in to operation a series of booking offices nationwide: Tan Binh District in HCM City, Ba Ria City in Vung Tau, Lien Chieu District in Danang, Phan Thiet in Binh Thuan, Hai Phong, Vinh, Ca Mau and Chau Doc.
With the steady development of the network, Vietravel Chau Doc will certainly answer to the demand of tourists from Chau Doc and contribute to the local tourism industry in An Giang. The office helps promote to tourists around the world the beauty and attractiveness in the culture, history, the image and friendly people of An Giang province.
Contact information:
Vietravel Chau Doc
69 Chi Lang Street, Chau Phu A Ward, Chau Doc City, An Giang Province.
Tel: (076) 3569588; Fax: (076) 3569566
SWEATERS FOR POOR PUPILS IN SAPA
In the chilly cold weather of the 28 December 2012, the tourist group of Vietravel consisting of many expats has arrived at Ta Phin Junior School, Sapa District to bring aids to the children here.
This is the first departure in the program called “Spring for Compassion” by Vietravel.
Aids including sweaters, winter boots, instant noodle, boxed milk were given to poor children in Ta Phin.
In the recent snowfall, Ta Phin was one of the villages suffering badly. Poor children did not have good sweaters to go to school, many had to skip classes and stay home as outside was too cold.
Mr. Ha Tien Dung, Principal of Ta Phin Junior School said there had been some philanthropists who conducted activities at the school.
The visit of Vietravel group was much appreciated and the support was meaningful as it helped poor children to keep their schooling uninterrupted through the cold winter.
For many years, Vietravel always pay a close attention to charity work at poor villages in the mountain province of Lao Cai, specially the district of Sapa, Muong Khuong and Simacai.
Combining travel and charity is a solution to socialize charity and community sharing, where the travel company and its tourists join hands to give aids to people in need during a trip. This is one of the objectives that Vietravel is aiming at.
The company hoped there would be more tourists joining the program and more support reaching children and people in Lao Cai.
Below are some images of Vietravel tourists coming to the poor children at Ta Phin village.
The cold of the Far North mountains was driven away by the appearance of kind-hearted tourists.
The tourists giving sweaters and sharing compassion to children in Ta Phin
The joyful smile of a pupil when receiving gift.
Vietravel tour group in a photo with the children in Ta Phin
VIETRAVEL WON TOP PLACE OF E-COMMERCE AWARD FOR TOURISM
This is the 5th year ECAwards has been organized by HCMC Department of Industry and Commerce to honor businesses having efficient investment in e-commerce system.
Vietravel won the top place for implementation of modern technology in tour operation business, and the company also won the title of “Outstanding website and online service” for the 5th time.
On the 26 December 2013, the award presenting ceremony for “Outstanding website and online service” took place at Kim Do Hotel (HCM City). The event was held by HCM City Department of Industry and Commerce.
At top place of the tourism industry was Vietravel’s online retail site www.travel.com.vn.
This is the 2nd time in a row Vietravel received this honorable title.
According to the Organizer, Vietravel’s online retail site www.travel.com.vn scored highest count with 3,796 votes from consumers and also obtained highest score from the judges 75.4.
As commented by the Organizer, Vietravel has built a website with outstanding functions to optimize necessary support for online buyers. The website has no geographic restriction and supports multiple payment modes. This offered great convenience for customers and helped establish online buying habit for Vietnamese consumers. The recorded transactions increased in number every year making the investment much more efficient than the expansion of office network which is the strategy of many other travel companies today.
Representative of Vietravel receiving ECAwards
Designed and programmed with customer-oriented philosophy, www.travel.com.vn is not only user friendly but also has an edge in keeping the user browsing within the site.
To do that, the site is fed with daily news, events and updates for many subjects including travel information, destination reports, video clips and particularly a rich directory of more than 1,000 tour programs for customers to choose.
Just click on the departure city, name of the program, preferred time of departure, or preferred cost, www.travel.com.vn immediately produces solutions.
Most attractive could be the Promotion section, the promise land for deal hunters.
Promotional packages offering incredible discounts with the same service quality are what keep the user coming back every day to shop and expect new deals.
The award affirmed the efficiency and user friendliness of the website www.travel.com.vn
With an edge on search speed of no more than 5 seconds and user friendly interface, www.travel.com.vn won extra points for simple booking procedure allowing much more convenience for users.
Of great importance, online payment module was protected by strict security solutions ensuring absolute confidentiality regarding transaction data and personal information.
Vietravel online booking page is the only one that supports most reliable payment service providers including VISA Credit, VISA Debit, MasterCard Credit, OnePay, 123Pay, Diners Club International Credit, JCB Credit, and American Express Credit.
The site is also connected to most domestic banks and popular international banks to facilitate the buying procedure for any user from anywhere in the world.
Being a smart system, understanding users’ demands and behaviors, www.travel.com.vn is truly a convenient tool for travel booking.
Even senior people who are quite reluctant to online procedures can easily check out information and book a tour for themselves.
Tourists can easily find information and book tour at Vietravel
Voting for the 5th ECAwards started in October and ended in November 2013.
In spite of such a short period of time, there were as many as 73 businesses from various industries participating the event.
This year is the Department of Industry and Commerce will make a proposal for HCM City People’s Committee to recognize businesses in the city who have outstanding achievements and contributions to the development of e-commerce activity.
ECAwards truly became a playground for digital technology, helping improve efficiency in business activities and give an impetus to the creativity and investment from businesses. ECAwards also contributes to the image of Vietnam e-commerce platform, continuously improving to cope with the competition in the region.
OPENING OF VIETRAVEL CUP 2013 – VIETNAM OUTSTANDING TENNIS PLAYERS
On 24 December 2013, the opening ceremony of Vietravel Cup 2013 took place at Phu Tho Tennis Club, Ly Thuong Kiet street. The ceremony was followed by the first tournaments between Vietnam’s outstanding players.
Tennis is a favorite sport for many people. The tournaments are the opportunity to improve health and skill, and just as good, opportunity to promote the image of a dynamic Vietnam in different arenas within the region or worldwide.
Over the years, Vietnam tennis has made firm steps forwards and somehow has been able to answer to the expectation of supporters. Vietnam tennis is developing along the course of professionalism which has been seen through national leagues and especially through excellent achievements at international tournaments such as the recent Davis Cup.
All those events played a part in promoting this sport at national scale.
With the purpose of promoting the image of Vietnam sporting spirit, over many years, Vietravel has been the leading travel agency who accompanied significant sports events with great popularity such as AFF Cup, SEA Games, Euro Cup, World Cup. Vietravel organized tours for supporter groups to attend some world class tennis tournaments including Australia Open, Rolland Garros, US Open, etc. In Vietnam, Vietravel is the main sponsor for national tennis tournaments of Vietnam Tennis Federation (VTF) from 2012 to 2015.
Being responsible to the environment and the community, Vietravel is proud to take part in the support for different activities of VTF in order to encourage the improvement of Vietnam tennis players.
Vietravel is committed to go along with Vietnam tennis in all significant events for a common goal which is the development of Vietnam athletics.
Some images of the opening ceremony:
Ms. Tran Thi Viet Huong, Deputy Director of PR Department
The Organizer presenting flowers to player teams..
CELEBRATION NIGHT OF VIETRAVEL’S 18TH ANNIVERSARY (20 DEC 1995 – 20 DEC 2013)
On 20 December 2013, in the event of Vietravel’s 18th Anniversary, many activities have taken place in Vietravel offices nationwide.
In HCM City, hundreds of Vietravel staff have had a special night of gathering.
Following is a series of photo reporting this meaningful event.
Congratulations to Vietravel, 18 years of continuous effort by generations of management and workers.
Hundreds of staff and managers gathered at the event in family spirit.
Raising voice in the song "Vietravel We are one - We are the one, ready for any challenge to be the pioneer.
Vietravel’s CEO, Mr.Nguyen Quoc Ky recalling the long journey, when steering the ship of Vietravel through troubled waters.
VIETRAVEL’S PRIDE: 18 YEAR JOURNEY TO SUCCESS
At the age of 18, Vietravel is filled with the energy of a growing youth who is living up to the mission of contributing for a better community, living up to the responsibility of self-improvement for the satisfaction of tourists.
The 18 year journey of Vietravel is a dream for any business, not only for how fast the company has grown or for the honorable national and international awards, but for the success in conquering the hearts of hundreds of thousands tourists for a sustainable development.
Vietravel and the mission of a pioneer.
Anyone would say a new road will be full of hardship, challenges and chances of failure. However, where there is a will there is a way. Set your heart and go all out for it, you will finally overcome the obstacles to arrive at the finish line.
Vietravel set its heart to be a pioneer and marched on its course with unsurpassed determination and steaming energy in its veins.
Starting with 10 million VND, Vietravel scored 55 billion of sales in 2000, 370 billion in 2005 and accessed the leading position of Vietnam’s tourism industry with 1,480 billion in 2010. Records were set to be hit: 2,000 billion of sales in 2011, 2,500 billion in 2012 and, the company is trying to hit 3,000 billion for 2013.
Numbers are only numbers, but growing 300,000 times bigger in 18 years is really something to admire.
The success came from smart strategy of market development in all domestic, outbound and inbound travel; the continuous expansion of the retail network facilitating the direct contact with tourists; a flexible product policy; and especially the uncompromising commitment to service quality and professionalism.
If the history were converted to a screenplay, the director could have to spend a lot of thoughts on how to depict the rugged journey of a pioneer who put on his own shoulders a great mission. The company is striving for professionalism, while continuously utilizing its competitive strengths to ensure inspiration and added values for its customers.
Generations of employees join the company one after another, but together they made Vietravel a big family with love and sharing.
No one ever complained about the hardship as they all understood that was where they should get better than what they were.
If it was a midnight arrival, the tourguide wouldn’t mind leaving home and rushing through late streets to pick up the tourists. He had to count on his family members who took care of the family when he was away. There were sales reps that burst out in tears when she received a compliment from her customers. There were evenings when one could have been at home for dinner, but many managers and employees still worked at their desk to get the job done.
That sacrifice has been rewarded when the company received honorable titles and recognitions from tourists, the media, the industry authorities and the government.
Have a look back. The last 18 years were a series of adversities, from the economy crisis in the region in 1997, the bird flu epidemic in the next years, and the worldwide crisis which swept away a great number of businesses. Somehow, Vietravel was able to withstand the profound recession thanks to its all out effort and the collective strength of the management and the staff.
The success was beyond expectation. Vietravel possesses priceless assets that any other company must covet: a strong team, a strong customer base and a strong business culture.
More than 1,000 employees are committed to the mission: responsibility towards the environment and the community. This army is marching to its target from little things that contribute to the mission and it has a strong support from the customers as the foothold for to realize its goals.
Vietravel - Customer oriented philosophy and the art of listening
Looking at things from the angle of its customers and listening to the demand, Vietravel was always trusted by the customers.
After 18 years of hard work, Vietravel has become not only the flagship of Vietnam tourism industry but also taken a part in promoting the image of Vietnam tourism to a new height with new goals and mission.
One after another, new offices of Vietravel has been springing up inside and outside Vietnam.
Vietravel was able to establish its brandname even in Cambodia, Thailand, USA. By 2013, Vietravel has expanded the network to as many as 47 offices nationwide from Lao Cai to Ca Mau.
The challenges in a larger playground have been defined, on the other hand, a thousand staff of Vietravel are firm with their course, striving to become Vietnam’s first multi-national travel company in 2015 and one of top ten leading tour operators in Asia by 2020.
To reinforce its commitment, in 2011 Vietravel made a breakthrough achievement and became one of the top 16 leading tour operators in Asia, winner of TTG Awards.
In the next 2 consecutive years 2012 &amp; 2013 Vietravel continued to receive the title “Best Travel Agency – Vietnam” from TTG.
On top of that, Vietravel became the first and only travel company in Vietnam who won the World Travel Awards 2013.
The greater the honor, the greater the responsibility to maintain its leading position and the values that make the company as it is now: professionalism, inspiration, added values.
If one thinks about top 10 most significant events of Vietnam tourism industry in 2013, Vietravel deserved to be the owner of one among those.
Vietravel has arrived at the beautiful age of 18, energetic and matured enough to write up extraordinary stories for Vietnam tourism.
Happy birthday to Vietravel. The pioneer will always be the leader representing the pride of Vietnam, the pride of Vietravel.
EXCITMENT AT VIETRAVEL GAMES 2013
To celebrate the 18th Anniversary (20 December 1995 – 20 December 2013), hundreds of Vietravel staff have participated in company’s activities.
The event is not only a page mark in Vietravel history but also a typical example for a modern environment of business culture while, nevertheless, honoring the country’s traditional values.
Warm and cheerful in family atmosphere awaiting the 18th Anniversary, Vietravel organized a variety of playgrounds where the staff meet, participate in contests and perform their gifted ability. Theses events include “Vietravel Games 2013”, “Stage Performance Contest”, and a writing contest “Vietravel’ Pride – The Mirror Around Me” to honor employees who set good example about work morale.
On the 14 December 2013 at Phu Tho Stadium, HCM City, the opening ceremony of Vietravel Games 2013 took place with the presence of hundreds of Vietravel staff.
The games started from the 9 and ends on the 18 December 2013. Vietravel’s athlets compete at 6 games including footsal, badminton, tennis, bowling, pingpong, and machine jogging.
These sports are favored by many employees and have become their daily training schedule.
The contests were scheduled at professional sport centers such as Phu Tho Stadium, Saigon Superbowl, Phan Dinh Phung Sport Club and Vietravel’s own modern gymnasium.
The purpose of the games is to create healthy playgrounds for recreation and improvement of personal relationship within the company.
Some images at Vietravel Games 2013:
Vietravel Games is an annual activity to provide healthy activity for the staff.
The Organizers presented flower and trophies to representatives of the games.
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc, Deputy General Director in his opening speech.
Representative of the athlets saying the pledge.
Many tournaments took place right after the opening ceremony.
Men footbal.
Success to the games.
Earlier, on the 13 December 2013 the Stage Performance Contest took place at the company head office with more than 40 acts elaborately put up and practiced by many teams and departments.
To bring in a special element, Vietravel organized the writing contest named “Vietravel’s Pride – The Mirrors Around Me” in order to honor individuals and teams who significantly contributed to the development of the company. The writings from many angles have revealed countless examples of quiet contribution of many people. In despite of the differences in postions, departments, tasks, etc., they all looked to the same direction and together put their hand in for a same cause. The writing contest also manifested the determination of each and every employee in sharing the long term vision of the company which is the responsibility towards the enviroment and the community.
Although as amateur as it is, the contest drew a great deal of attention and encouragement from the staff with more than 400 contest articles submitted.
The people featured in these pieces of writing are those who quietly give a hand to the steady development of Vietravel’s culture, raising the Company to the height of a flagship in Vietnam’s tourism industry, to the position of a pioneer conquering the world.
Congrats to Vietravel for the 18th Anniversary.
SIGHTS AND SOUNDS AT VIETRAVEL STAGE PERFOMANCE CONTEST 2013
Part of the series of activities to celebrate the 18th Anniversary of Vietravel (20 Dec 1995 – 20 Dec 2013) Vietravel has organized a stage performance contest within the company.
On the 13 December 2013 the first round of the contest took place in exciting and colorful atmosphere.
The contests brought to the stage more than 40 performances and acts which were all elaborately set up by different departments.
The performances depicted the beauty of the country, the image of Vietnam tourism, and the sentiment towards the company.
The judges would pick out the outstanding acts for the final round on the 18 December 2013 before going to the grand stage on the anniversary evening.
Some images of the first round in Vietravel Stage Performance Contest 2013.
VIETRAVEL TO PARTICIPATE DONG NAI 3RD FOOD FESTIVAL 2013
From 12 to 15 December 2013 Vietravel Dong Nai officially welcomes visitors from within Dong Nai as well as other provinces to come and visit Vietravel’s studio at Dong Nai’s 3rd Food Festival 2013.
During the festivity days, Vietravel organizes various publicity activites to introduce new features of Spring 2014 tour series, as well as a grand promotion for the New Year 2014.
This is also the occasion when Vietravel Dong Nai makes further propaganda about the responsibility program called “Go Green in Tourism” to the visitors of the festival.
Dong Nai’s 3rd Food Festival 2013
The week of Food Festival in Dong Nai takes place from 12 – 15 December 2013, being an annual activity of Dong Nai’s Department of Culture, Sport and Tourism. The event features many interesting activities in order to introduce about the land and the people in Dong Nai and other provinces in the eastern part of Southern Vietnam, also to promote tourism to various attractions in the territories. Significant activities include the food court, Vietnam Guiness registration for the largest platter of Bien Hoa pomelo salad, celebration for Long Khanh rambuttan and Tan Trieu pomelo as Vietnam’s top 50 best fruits, cooking contest, fruit decoration contest, etc.
At Vietravel’s studio, tourists can pick up leaflets presenting new tour series for the New Year including both domestic programs and outbound holidays. Tourists can also check out with Vietravel travel experts about nay information necessary for their coming trips, from air tickets, train tickets etc., to a professional diving course at a magnificent marine park. If the visitors have some minutes to spend, or just to rest the legs, they can get even more vision about Vietravel’s products and intersting destintions via the short movie shown at the studio.
“Happy New Year &amp; Prosperous Spring”
From 10 December 2013 onward, Vietravel officially kicked off the grand promotion program name “Happy New Year &amp; Prosperous Spring” as a thank-you gesture and wishes to the customers who have been with the companies over the time.
“New Year – New Bike – New Luck” is another new year message for a shocking promotion with 13 brandnew trendy Vespa Primaver given out for 13 consecutive weeks.
Right at Vietravel Dong Nai’s studio, visitors can also collect information and detailed advise about the promotional activities for Spring 2014. This is the most impressive promotion applicable nationwide now.
As said, 13 Vespa Primaver for 13 weeks.
Vietravel Dong Nai continues “Go Green in Tourism”
In favor of the national program for responsible travel, under the placard “Go Green in Tourism” Vietavel will join hand with Dong Nai’s Department of Culture, Sport and Tourism to promote the program “Travel with responsibility to the environment” in the Food Festival week.
The event takes place at the main stage of Buu Long Park, starting with more than 250 youth volunteers including Vietravel staff spreading out to collect rubbish on many roads in Dong Nai, to name a few, Buu Long – Huynh Van Nghe – Cau Moi – Cach Mang Thang Tam – The People’s Commitee Office.
Vietravel also distributes bio-degradable bags for private vendors along main streets followed by propaganda teams going to business offices.
“VIETRAVEL AND VIETNAM’S TALENTS” SCHOLARSHIP PRESENTATION IN HA NOI AND DA NANG.
On the 2nd and 9th December 2013 Vietravel celebrated the presentation of “Vietravel and Vietnam’s Talents” scholarship to support disadvantaged students who scored outstanding results in their courses in Hanoi and Danang.
There were 16 scholarships granted by Vietravel in this occasion in the North and Central Vietnam.
In an effort to provide better support to disadvantaged pupils and college students, encouraging them to work better at school so to help themselves, their own families and contribute to the community, Vietravel’s leaders and staff have contributed to the “Vietravel and Vietnam’s Talents” scholarship and raised a total 1 billion VND fund.
This program was kicked off since 2012 and the spirit has been disfused across the community calling for further concern for the students with limited conditions.
In 2013, Vietravel continuedthe program and increased the number of scholarships to 46 students.
On the 9th December 2013 at Hoa Binh Hotel (27 Ly Thuong Kiet, Hanoi) Vietravel Hanoi presented the scholarship to 7 disadvantaged pupils and students from northern provinces who earn outstanding scores in the schooling year 2012 – 2013.
On the 10th Decembern 2013 at Danag University of Economics, Vietravel Danang presented the scholarship to 9 disadvantaged students who excellently scored 25 points and above in this year’s intake exam and undergraduates who obtained 8.0 points for annual average score.
Earlier, Vietravel presented the scholarship to 10 students in the Mekong Delta provinces.
In collaboration with Tuoi Tre Newspaper, the Company extended its support to another 20 students in the program known as “schooling aids”.
In a nutshell, the series of scholarship activities of Vietravel in 2013 has successfully concluded with 46 students being entitled.
Each of the award conveyed profound meaning of sharing and encouragement for the students to overcome adversity and perform well at school.
There are still a lot of help needed from the community. Vietravel will continue to expand the program so that many more people can join hands in contributing for a better community.
VIETRAVEL – TO INAUGURATE THE 5TH BRANCH IN SOUTHERNWESTERN REGION
The sixth of December 2013 witnessed the official inauguration ceremony of Vietravel Tourism Company’s branch in Ca Mau province which is situated at the end point of the country, marking Vietravel’s network spreading nationwide from Lao Cai to Phu Quoc and emphasizing Vietravel always’ being by your side and being available everywhere to serve a wide range of customers and tourists.
This is the 5th branch in Southwestern region besides branches brought into operation in Can Tho, Long Xuyen, Chau Doc and Phu Quoc.
Vietravel’s office residing at No.90, Tran Hung Dao Street, Ward 5, Ca Mau Province will provide tourists with convenience, comforts and satisfaction regarding travel services such as travel tour, airplane tickets, train tickets, visa services, transportation, lodging and accomodation, cuisine, et cetera.
In addition to the introduction of outbound and inbound travel tour to local people, Vietravel’s branch in Ca Mau will constantly develop and offer locally unique travel products to tourists domestically and internationally under new tours types such as Ca Mau – Hon Da Bac, Ca Mau – A day of salt-marsh forest discovery (experience and cuisine tour), Ca Mau – U Minh Ha, etc.
These can be considered as totally new tour products to Ca Mau destination that only Vietravel acts as the forerunner to initiate.
Tourist will be offered awesome opportunties to experience wild beauty and waterway features of the Southern pole land of the country together with Southern cultural delicacy marked time by time
Bringing another Vietravel’s branch in Ca Mau province into operation once again highlighted Vietravel’s increasing development and assertation for its mission towards customers.
Furthermore, under the target of development in attachment with business localization, each Vietravel’s branch makes its good performance on behalf of Vietravel to serve customer’s requirement at the best.
Vietravel takes pride in occupying the most largest network of at home and abroad offices and transaction branches in Vietnam composing of 47 transaction agencies and branches.
In 2013, Vietravel constantly inaugurates and brings its offices and branches into operation in national scale such as Tan Binh Tourism Registration Office in Tan Binh District, Ba Ria Tourism Registration Office in Ba Ria City, Lien Chieu Tourism Registration Office in Da Nang city, Phan Thiet Vietravel’s branch, Hai Phong Vietravel’s branch, Vinh Vietravel’s branch.
Along the full expansion of offices and branches all over the country, Vietravel’s branch in Ca Mau makes sure to offer tourists satisfaction everytime everywhere.
Several photos taken in the inauguration ceremony:
The inauguration ceremony warmly welcomed attendants from Vietravel’s leaders, local authority, customers and local people
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy Director of Vietravel spoke at the openning ceremony for inaugurating Vietravel’s branch in Ca Mau
Mr. Nguyen Truong Luu – Deputy Director of Ca Mau Trade and Tourism Promotion Center spoke for congratulations on Vietravel’s new branch inauguration
Vietravel’s representative, local authority and honor guests cut ceremony ribbon
On this occasion, Vietravel also awarded ten scholarships for poor but hard-working local students
Teacher Nguyen Thien Nghia – Vice President of Ca Mau Economics and Technology Vocational College conveyed his sincere thanks to Vietravel for awarding scholarships for students of the School
Vietravel’s representative awarded scholarships to students
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director of Vietravel awarded memorial medals to guests.
Ca Mau Vietravel’s representative awarded memorial medals to close customers
Right after the inauguration ceremony, a lot of customesr went to the branch to order tours in Ca Mau Vietravel
Contact Information:
Ca Mau Vietravel’s Branch
90 Tran Hung Dao, Ward 5, Ca Mau City
Tel: (07803) 660.438 - 660.439 - 552.239 – 552.259;
Fax: (07803) 552.298
Email: vtvcamau@vietravel.com.vn
(Source: Communication Department, Vietravel)
VIETRAVEL TO PROMOTE TOURISM IN CENTRAL HIGHLAND PROVINCES
In coordination with Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Lam Dong, Daklak provinces and Vietnam Airlines, Viettravel Tourism Company organized an investigation program for reporter groups to explore spectacular and eye-catching features in the itinerary of Ban Me Thuot – Da Lat from the second to sixth of November, 2013.
This is regarded as one of significant events contributing to the introduction of Da Lat Plateau and Central Highland Tourism, ready for the preparation of National Tourism Year in Central Highland 2014 and welcoming the cerebration event of 120 years of Da Lat city establishment and development.
Accordingly, the working groups shall be first scheduled to visit and investigate in Ban Me Thuot in two days of the second and third of November, 2013; then trip to Ko Tam Cultural EcoTourism Zone to have enjoyment and discovery of plant, production, and processing procedure of reputable coffee specialities.
In particular, what worth mentioning is the exploration itinerary of ethnic minorities that navigate to Cong Chieng Festival, Can wine (wine drunk out of a jar through pipes), baked meat, visit to Daklak Museum of Ethnology where displays and introduces Central Highland cultural space and other 44 brotherhood ethnics residing in Daklak province territory.
The groups will also pay a visit to Dray Nur Fall that is well-known for the most imposing and spectacular in Central Highland, then learned about indigeneous cultural values, riding elephans across Daklak Lake, boating pirague and discovering lifestyle in Le village (Buon Le) and Jun village (Buon Jun) of M’ Nong people, et cetera.
The visiting groups learned about procedure of processing Ban Me Thuot famous coffee
Experiencing daily ordinary life of native people in the long house
In the evening of December 2nd 2013, the working group of Vietravel and reporters had a meeting and promoted tourism to local leaders.
On the side of local authority, the press conference included the participation of Mrs.Mai Hoan – Vice Chairman of Daklak Provincial People’s Committee, Mr.Huynh Ngoc Duong – Deputy Diretor of Daklak Trade, Investment and Tourism Promotion Centre, Mr.Dinh Mot – Division Head of Operation under Daklak Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Mr.Le Hoang Co – Vice Chairman of Daklak Tourism Association.
The groups had made discussion and exchanged ideas so as to orient and seek for better tourism solutions of Ban Me Thuat city in particular and Central Highland provinces in general which possess a lot of potentials and promisingly brings about exciting experiences for domestic and foreign visitors.
Mrs.Mai Hoan – Vice Chairman of Daklak Provincial People’s Committee spoke at the opening of press conference
Mr. Huynh Ngoc Duong – Deputy Director of Trade, Investment and Tourism Promotion Center stated about the orientation of local tourism development
From 4th to 6th of December, 2013, the working groups came to Da Lat Plateau, the city with plentiful names such as the Flower City, Foggy City, Love City, etc that keeps potential romatic beauty, impresses with historical features on every street, every foot-stop to be adopted into poems, music and esteem of numerous visitors.
It is the year of 2013 that celebrates the event of Da Lat city being 120 years old since Doctor Yersin found and constructed.
Da Lat in the past and now harmonize with each other by historic marks of times..
Here it is Da Lat Railway Station, Domain De Marie Church and hidden villas in immense pine forests, et cetera. It embodies the beauty of city in the forest and forest in the city, which draw special attention of visitors to find out its mystery and attractiveness then satisfy their curiousity as well as thinking of the unique romantic beauty here
Moroever, the working groups also arranged a press conference with local authority and other local service providers (Love Valley, Bluer Moon Hotel, Da Lat Flower Forest Bio-technology Joint Stock Company, Hoang Anh Green Land Resort) with the view to discussing about expanding tourism development in Lam Dong province and spreading to the public.
Particularly, during the itinerary, each member participated in an environmental event named “Keep the Central Highland Forever Green” by planting a tree as a mesage to protect green and clean environment for a greener and nicer Da Lat in the eyes of visitors, especially on the context the Flower Festival has just coming very soon.
Next, the groups visited such peaceful and wild destinations as Love Valley, Golden Valley, Ve Chai Temple, Cu Lan Village, etc.
With such goals and detailed itinerary, the tourism promotion program in Lam Dong and Daklak province would be a starting point for the National Tourism Year 2014 in Central Highland full of promising success.
VIETRAVEL – SILVER SPONSOR FOR FESTIVAL HUE 2014
In the morning of November 3rd 2013, the office of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee witnessed the official signature ceremony sponsored for Festival Huế 2014 by and between Viettravel Tourism Company and Festival Huế 2014 Center, which was hosted by Mr Ngo Hoa – Standing Vice Chairman of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee.
In addition to the role of Silver Sponsor for this festival, Vietravel Toursim Company also acts as a co-organizer and the main sponsor for the traditional boat race in Festival Huế 2014 this time.
The signature ceremony warmly welcomed the active participation of Mr.Ngo Hoa – Vice Chairman of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee, Mr, Cai Vinh Tuan – Director of Thua Thien Hue Department of Home Affairs, Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel together with leaders of departments, agencies and sectors of the province, et cetera.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Mr Ngo Hoa gave an overview assessment on the organization work for Festival Huế 2014 from which showed a matter of fact that Festival Huế has become a grand &amp; meaningful cultural event towards the introduction of Vietnam tourism image in general and Thue Thien Hue province in particular through heritage values, ecology and bringing the role of cultural, economic and tourism center of the whole nation and North Central region to the fullest play.
By 2014, Festival Huế has experienced 8 times of organization with extensive scale characterized not only by the number of registration of international performing art trouples but also proactive involvement of enterprises in forging together towards reservation and honor to national cultural heritages and values.
Besides the role of Silver Sponsor for Festival Huế 2014, Vietravel that also plays part of a co-organizing unit and main sponsorship for the traditional boat race in Huong river has now been enthusiatically initiated numerous propagation actitivities along with the Organizing Board for the preparation of Festival event under various promotion approaches.
Mr. Ngo Hoa – Vice Chairman of Thue Thien Hue People’s Committee – Head of Festival Huế 2014 Organizing Board
At the signature cermony, Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel Tourism Company asserted once again that Vietravel’s tourism mission and development goals would be towards responsibilities for society and community and hand-in-hand with considerable events and activities in conservation, reservation and development of national cultural values, therefore the one-billion silver sponsorship package in this Festival would not out of objectives that contribute to great success of Festival Huế 2014 and builde image of both Thua Thien Hue Tourism and Vietnam Tourism much more beautiful and attractive in the eyes of visitors and global friends.
Mr. Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel Tourism Company spoke at the signature ceremony for sponsorship. He underscored that the meaning of contribution to the conservation and honor of national cultural values in Festival Huế should be duties of each individual and enterprise.
Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh – Deputy Managing Director of Festival Huế 2014 Center and Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy General Director of Vietravel formed etiquete for sponsorship contract signature under the witness of many provincial leaders and reporters
Vietravel – A pioneer story
Vietravel has come a long way since its establishment in 1995 with extraordinary efforts to become the flagship in tourism in Vietnam.
For the past 18 years, sustaining commitment to provide good quality services in satisfaction to every client’s demands together with constant pioneering in innovation to serve clients has helped Vietravel obtain many domestically and internationally prestigious awards from travel organizations and press agencies.
Vietravel has also become a member of major travel organizations in the world such as: USTOA, ASTA, PATA, ATTA, JATA, and IAGTO.
The most important milestones are known that Vietravel, in October 2013, was the only travel company of Vietnam voted for two titles namely “Vietnam’s Leading Tour Operator” and “Vietnam’s Leading Travel Agency” by the World Travel Awards (WTA) 2013 – likened to “The Oscars of the travel industry”.
In addition, this is the third consecutive year (2011, 2012, 2013) Vietravel has been awarded by TTG Asia – the leading travel magazine in Asia-Pacific Region at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013.
Such important events once again have affirmed the position and trademark of Vietravel in the international playground and have been also motive force for Vietravel to better advance on the way of development – the way of the pioneer.
With over 40 transaction offices and branches nationwide, 3 representative offices overseas in Cambodia, Thailand and the United States, Vietravel has constantly developed and extended its business network with great demand on high quality human resource.
Accordingly, Vietravel has opened ideal career opportunities for young people to start their promising future.
At Vietravel, enthusiastic, conscientious, dynamic and well-qualified staff would create the best working environment and impart good experiences for young people in their career process.
Recently, RMIT University has been a companion and a good recruiting environment for Vietravel to recruit and supplement highly qualified human resource to its group of staff.
With RMIT career guidance event this time, Vietravel is honored to participate in the event in capacity of a sponsor.
This is also an opportunity for Vietravel to closely access to students as well as seek for and further select brilliant applicants for many working positions at Vietravel.
Tourism is a dynamic and attractive work suitable for those with wholehearted interest, who are willing to devote themselves to such interest.
Vietravel is a widely open door to welcome new members who have aspiration and devotion.
VIETRAVEL NHA TRANG – ACTIVE IN ACTIONS ACCOMMPANING WITH VIETNAMESE TALENTS
On 12/11/2013, Vietravel Nha Trang organized the charity program to support the poor children of Van Thanh 2 Primary School to continue their studies (Khai Luong hamlet, Van Thanh commune, Van Ninh district).
This is a meaningful event within the Community-Based Tourism Year Project implementation activities of Vietravel in 2013 in Nha Trang.
Within the program, Vietravel Nha Trang visited and offered gifts to students with difficult situations in Van Ninh island district including 1000 notebooks, 1000 pens which were divided into 200 gifts to students in 3 areas in the island, 50 school bags to poor students with difficult situations.
It is known that, besides the contribution from staffs of the company, Vietravel Nha Trang called for the contribution from regular partners in Nha Trang to sponsor for this program including Hieu Nghia One Member Company Limited, Gia Restaurant, Den Long Do Restaurant etc.
Representative of Vietravel Nha Trang is offering gifts to students
Vietravel shall continue to accompany with School Support Programs
Vietravel Nha Trang hopes that these gifts may help the pupils here to go to school with more sufficient school things and share partially difficulties with poor pupils in remote island area.
As said by Mr.Doan Hai Quan – Branch Director of Vietravel Nha Trang “Vietravel always highly appreciate the responsibilities of the company with the environment and community, therefore, the company has organized more meaningful programs for the society.
Together with other Vietravel branches nationwide, Vietravel Nha Trang is also actively implementing and accompanying with charity programs in the province and calling for sharing and contributions from the benefactors, fellow customers to expand the programs and support more people”
It is informed that Vietravel Nha Trang has just introduced the tourists special tours on the occasion of Vietnamese Teachers’ Day 20/11 and Christmas and New Year 2014 as follows:
Bangkok – Pattaya SUPER SAVINGS (05 days)
Departure: 20/11
Packaged Price: VND9,290,000
Singapore - Malaysia – ECO!!! (6 days)
Departure: 27/11
Packaged Price: VND 14,790,000
Seoul - Jeju - Nami - Everland - Seoul (07 days) – One night to discover Da Nang city ECO!!!
Departure: 05/12
Packaged Price: VND 19,190,000
Bangkok - Pattaya – Discover Madame Tussuads Wax Museum (05 days) – Welcome Christmas in Bangkok
Departure: 21/12
Packaged Price: VND 10,890,000
Singapore - Malaysia –5* Hotel in Kuala Lumpur (6 days) – Welcome New Year 2014
Departure: 28/12
Packaged Price: VND 16,790,000
Da Lat Flower Festival (3 days)
Departure: only on 27/12
Packaged Price: VND 1,990,000
Contact information:
Vietravel Nha Trang
100 Quang Trung, Loc Tho ward, Nha Trang
Tel: (058) 3526 577
Email: vtv.nhatrang@vietravel.com.vn;
Transaction Office No.1
23D Biet Thu, Loc Tho ward, Nha Trang
Tel: (058) 3526 393
Email: vtv.nhatrang.vp1@vietravel.com.vn;
Hotline: 0988 608 286
(Source: Department of Communications, Vietravel Nha Trang)
VIETRAVEL HANOI ORGANIZES THE CHARITY TOUR “WARM JACKETS FOR CHILDREN” 2013
On 31/10/2013, Vietravel in cooperation with Tien Phong Newspaper, Singer Tung Duong and tourists of great generosity started the charity tour in Sing Lung commune, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province.
This is the tour in the charity tours to East-West North Region implemented by Vietravel Hanoi this winter.
Sinh Lung commune, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province is the place with many H’mong people and some Lao Co people who are living in very difficult situations.
Due to the area is large with mainly mountainous area, the traffic road is very difficult and schools are all very far and the farthest school is 15km away from the town center.
“When witnessing children who are living in very difficult situations with only some old clothes in the cold winter etc. we are decided to do some practical and meaningful things for children here”, shared the representative of Vietravel.
Charity Team on the way to Sinh Lung commune
West North Landscape is charming and beautiful to keep the tourists
Tam Giac Mach Flowers is blooming
In 4 days (31/10 - 3/11/2013), Vietravel together with Singer Tung Duong, Tien Phong Newspaper came to Sing Lung Commune Secondary School, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province to directly participate in meaningful activities and offer many practical gifts to teachers and children here including: 04 bunk beds, 3 scholarships, 350 warm clothes, socks, 50 cotton blankets and hundreds of schoolbook sets and reference books and many other school things etc.; organize arts exchange performance with childresn with the participation of Singer Tung Duong.
The team brings the warm of “Chiec Khan Phieu” to schools with hamlet people; asking and encouraging, and offering gifts to soldiers of Lung Cu Border Post etc. To implement this tour, besides launching the movement from its staffs, Vietravel Hanoi also received the supports and charity contributions from regular tourists of the company such as Education Publishing House, Ba Sao Foods and Drinks Services Company, Vietnam Future Company etc.
Vietravel offers the scholarships to children with good study results and good behaviors
The team is visiting and preparing many candies and cakes for children
Singer Tung Duong and other volunteers of the programs are offering gifts to children
Vietravel hopes that these practical charity activities shall not only help small children in central highlands – the future of the country to continue their study with sufficient facilities but also help their relatives and teachers reduce partially their difficulties in educating these children.
As shared by the representative of Vietravel Hanoi with the charity team: “We will not only offer the warm clothes of love to teachers and children here, but we also give our sympathy, sharing and love.
This is a deep memory in their childhood about the great action and about our moral code of “love others as love ourselves” which will be a luggage in the way to the future and encourage them to try the bests in their studies and train to become good people with good ethnics and talents to contribute to construct our country”.
Arts exchange with Singer Tung Duong and other team members
This will be a beautiful memory
Vietravel shall implement many other more practical programs
On the next 28/11 and 6/12/2013, Vietravel Hanoi will implement two charity tours to Cao Bang and Moc Chau.
The tourists can register today to accompany and share with the people in Central Highlands or contribute for scholarships, warm clothes, books for children here.
All contributions, please contact
1. Mr Huy Hoang – Sale FIT of Domestic Tours of Vietravel in Hanoi, 03 Hai Ba Trung, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi
Tel: 0947.339.797,or 043.933.1978 – Extension number: 150.
2. Ms Lan Huong – Sale FIT of Domestic Tours of Vietravel Vietravel in Hanoi, 03 Hai Ba Trung, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi
Tel : 01656.052.616, or 043.933.1978 – Extension number: 666.
3. Ms.Ha Anh – Marketing and Communication Department of Vietravel, Hanoi branch
Tel: 04 3933 1978 – Extension number: 335.
VIETRAVEL PRESENTS 26 SCHOLARSHIPS “VIETRAVEL IN COMPANIONSHIP WITH VIETNAMESE TALENTS”
A scholarship presentation ceremony was held by Vietravel at its head office at 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City on October 31st 2013 to present scholarships to 26 excellent students in difficult circumstances in the academic year 2013 – 2014.
All of them got high marks from the university entrance examination at 25 marks up and students who received “Vietravel in companionship with Vietnamese talents” scholarships 2012 and got annual grade point average (AGPA) at 8.0 (according to Vietnamese grading scale) from universities nationwide were also presented with scholarships on this occasion.
Each scholarship worth VND 10,000 was extracted from Vietravel scholarship fund contributed by Vietravel’s leaders and staffs.
The scholarship program for students in difficult circumstances was started from 2012.
Up to now, the total number of applications sent to Vietravel has increased 51% in comparison with that in 2012 with 89 applications from 25 universities nationwide.
With a view to supporting pupils and students in difficult circumstances to get further will to strive and better themselves in study in order to make better contribution to themselves, their families and society, Vietravel and all of its leaders and staffs actively and voluntarily contributed to the “Vietravel in companionship with Vietnamese talents” scholarship fund.
After one year of launching, up to now, it has been widely spread from 9 universities initially planed to 25 universities nationwide.
In addition, Vietravel in coordination with Tuoitre Newspaper sponsored for the “Giving added strength to school” program, thereby Vietravel presented 10 bicycles and 1000 notebooks to pupils in difficult circumstances in Long Xuyen and sponsored for many other events in provinces and cities nationwide.
VINADIVING PROVES LEADING QUALITY OF DIVER TRAINING
A closing ceremony on rescue diving training course 2013 for officers and soldiers of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department was held at Vietnam Dive Center (VINADIVING) on October 25th 2013.
Officers and soldiers had to undergo a strict and methodical training process and granted with professional rescue diving certificates from Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI).
This training course was attended by 35 officers and soliders in charge of rescue work of Ho Chi Minh City’s Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department.
This is also a key force to follow up, provide training on marine rescue to relevant units afterwards.
Trainees were trained with knowledge from basic, advanced levels to rescue practice for 10 days in Nha Trang and 20 days in Ho Chi Minh City.
That Ho Chi Minh City’s Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department selected VINADIVING as a training provider to its officers and soldiers showed prestige and training quality of VINADIVING – which is not only a provider of diversified, safe diving services at high quality to clients but also the best diver trainer in Vietnam at present.
Vinadiving under Vietravel was established in 1997 to provide recreational diving services as well as diver training and issuing international diving certificates.
For over the period of development and appreciation, Vinadiving has become the best provider of recreational diving services and diver training at present and positively supported to Vietravel in diversifying travel categories to serve clients’ demands.
Especially, in August 2013, Vinadiving opened a new Dolphin ship for scuba divers transport qualified in conformity with standards of the Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI) and put it into use in order to create more options and diversify underwater excursions attractive to visitors.
This is good news for those interested in discovery diving in Vietnam.
Below are some images recorded at the closing ceremony:
National flag salutation formality
Spectacle of the ceremony
Major General Tran Trieu Duong – Director of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department spoke at the closing ceremony
Comrade Truong Van Lam – Director of Ho Chi Minh City Department of Home Affairs spoke at the closing ceremony
Ms. Dao Thi Thanh Tham – Director of VINADIVE spoke at the closing ceremony
Representative of officers and soldiers who attended the training course spoke at the closing ceremony
Leaders of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department and Vinadive presented gifts to excellent trainees
Mr. Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy General Director of Vietravel awarded Certificates to succesful trainees
Ms. Dao Thi Thanh Tham – Director of Vinadive awarded Certificates to successful trainees
Contact information:Vietnam Dive Center - VINADIVINGAddress: 23D Biet Thu street, Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa ProvinceTel: 0583 526 575
VIETRAVEL PHAN THIET DEVELOPS AND PIONEERS IN TOURISM
The 18th Anniversary of Binh Thuan Tourism Day was held by Binh Thuan Tourism on October 24th 2013.
A ceremony for honoring travel enterprises which made positive contributions to the development of Binh Thuan tourism was also held on this occasion.
Vietravel Phan Thiet honorably won “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award.
Vietravel with its sound capacity and business strategies has constantly developed and affirmed its position as the leading tour operator in Vietnam.
Furthermore, Vietravel has been a pioneer in Vietnam tourism as it has won a lot of international travel awards presented by prestigious international travel organizations.
In October 2013, Vietravel was the only travel company of Vietnam voted under the World Travel Awards (WTA) with two awards.
Vietravel was also voted and awarded by TTG Asia – the leading travel magazine in Asia-Pacific Region at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013.
This was the third time Vietravel was voted for this award. With constant development, Vietravel currently has 44 offices and branches nationwide and representative offices in foreign countries such as: Cambodia, Thailand, the United States.
Such system of offices and branches has helped Vietravel consolidate its chain of transactions to quickly satisfy clients’ demands any time, anywhere, in which it must be taken into account Vietravel Phan Thiet.
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director on behalf of Vietravel received the “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award
Vietravel is confident to affirm its position as the leading tour operator in Vietnam and reach out to the world
Although Vietravel Phan Thiet has just been put into operation since 2012, it has quickly developed and proved its strength and outstanding capacity.
Vietravel Phan Thiet has made positive contribution not only to the development of Binh Thuan tourism but also to social activities in Binh Thuan province, to realize the business philosophy of economic development in close connection to social responsibilities of Vietravel.
In 2013, Vietravel Phan Thiet was honorably awarded by Binh Thuan Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism with the “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award on the occasion of the 18th Anniversary of Binh Thuan Tourism Day.
This award was encouragement and motive force for Vietravel Phan Thiet to constantly contribute to the general development of tourism as well as to the economic development of Binh Thuan province.
VIETRAVEL CA MAU PARTICIPATES IN MANY LOCAL EXCHANGE ACTIVITIES
A mini football tournament was held at the Center for Physical Culture and Sports of Cai Nuoc district, Ca Mau province from 19th to 20th October 2013 in celebration of the Vietnam Youth Union Congress at different levels leading to the fifth Ca Mau Youth Union Congress.
Vietravel Ca Mau sponsored and acted in companionship with the tournament.
This mini football tournament was held in celebration of the 57th Anniversary of Vietnam Youth Union and Ca Mau Youth Union Congress with the participation of 14 football teams coming from: Ca Mau Young Entrepreneurs’ Association, Youth Union of the Enterprise Block, Youth Union of the People-Government-Party block, Committee of associations of districts in Ca Mau province.
This tournament was a noteworthy sport event to create animated emulation and promote the spirit of physical culture and sports of leaders and staffs, further enhance relations among entities.
This tournament was successful and Vietravel made positive contribution to this event in capacity of a sponsor.
Vietravel Ca Mau is a new branch of Vietravel which has just been put into operation since 2013.
This is the fourth branch opened by Vietravel in the Mekong Delta after Can Tho, Phu Quoc, and Long Xuyen.
Up to now, Vietravel has had 44 offices and branches nationwide ranging from Lao Cai to Phu Quoc, and Ca Mau.
Vietravel Ca Mau quickly satisfies local demands on inbound and outbound travel as well as launches and acts in companionship with Ca Mau province in social activities with a view to realizing the business philosophy of socially and environmentally responsible travel, and localize business of Vietravel.
Below are some images recorded at the mini football tournament
14 entities joined the mini football tournament
The Organizing Board offered pennants to football teams
Football teams competed animatedly
Representative of Vietravel Ca Mau awarded prize to the winner
Vietravel is always in companionship with local activities positively
VIETRAVEL IN FRIENDLY GAMES WITH PHUOC HOA RUBBER JSC AT THE SPORTS FESTIVAL IN CELEBRATION OF THE 84TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RUBBER INDUSTRY
On October 19th 2013, sports teams of Vietravel were present in Binh Duong to exchange in friendly games with Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC.
Sports teams of Vietravel competed at their best efforts in the spirit of friendship, fair play and obtained significant results from games which they joined.
In the animated atmosphere to celebrate the 84th anniversary of the rubber industry, Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC formally organized the Sports Festival 2013 with many exciting games with a view to enhancing opportunities of exchange and the spirit of solidarity among managers, staffs; Vietravel and Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC alsoexpressed the spirit of exchange via a series of exciting games such as football, ping-pong, tennis, badminton…Matches took place in the spirit of exchange, inquiring mind, and friendship.
Both of them appointed their strongest teams to compete in matches and the result was the general success of the Sports Festival with animated, dramatic and fair play moments.
On this occasion, Vietravel took a large group of sports teams and supporters to the Sports Festival in order to support and contribute to making the Sports Festival further successful.
The Sports Festival was successful beyond expectation and created closer relations.
It can be said that this exchange is a great progress showing the understanding and willing to support each other in the coming time, in which sports exchange will be one of the best ways to enhance understanding.
Vietravel would like to congratulate on the success of the Sports Festival and wish leaders and staffs of Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC good health, good achievements and excellent fulfillment of plan 2013.
Below are some images recorded at the Sports Festival:
The opening ceremony of the Sports Festival solemnly took place at Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC
The Organizing Board offered pennants to participant teams
Vietravel’s football team and their counterpart had photograph taken before kick-off
Vietravel’s football team and their counterparts played at their best efforts and devoted spectacular goals
Vietravel’s players competed in Tennis for the leadership class
Two players of Vietravel competed in Tennis for the young class
Vietravel won high results in Tennis and Badminton
At the end of the Sports Festival, Vietravel was awared by the Organizing Board for all games it joined
The Sports Festival was successful
FREE OCULAR SURGERY PERFORMED FOR HUNDREDS OF PATIENTS IN CAN THO, LONG XUYEN
On October 17th 2013, a cataract treatment and surgery program was launched at O Mon General Hospital to perform ocular surgery for 130 poor patients coming from Can Tho and Long Xuyen.
All costs of such program was supported by Vietravel.
Cataract is a cause leading to 66% of blind cases in Vietnam.
At present, there are over 300,000 patients who need substituting their corneas and only 1,000 people donating their corneas to the Eye Bank.
Cataract surgery and treatment is still largely demanded, especially those in rural, isolated and remote areas.
In face of this situation, for over the past period of time, Vietravel has supported VND 1,5 billion to HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients with a view to bringing light to over 1,800 poor blind patients nationwide.
In 2013, Vietravel has sponsored for 200 ocular surgery cases in Khanh Hoa province in June 2013 and continued free ocular surgery for over 130 poor patients in Can tho and An Giang on this occasion.
Just awarded with “Vietnam’ Leading Travel Agency” award by the World Travel Awards, Vietravel regarded socially responsible activities as part of its business mission.
Vietravel has participated in many socially significant activities for years such as organizing full-moon festival for children of the SOS children’s village, Tam Binh Children’s village (Ho Chi Minh City); constructing charitable house in Can Gio district (Ho Chi Minh City), supporting physiotherapy equipment to lonely elderly people, disabled people and those having merit to the nation in Binh Thuan province; supporting compatriots suffering from natural disasters in the Central Region; contributing to constructing Truong Bon Memorial site (Nghe An); presenting scholarships to new students in the academic years 2012, 2013.
In activities of the travel industry, Vietravel has organized an environmental protection program titled as “Travel for a clean and green environment” encouraging people to protect the environment, use autolytic bags.
In sports, Vietravel has been the main sponsor for national tennis championships from now to the year 2015, which has made contribution to the success of Vietnamese tennis at the Davis Cup 2013 recently.
All of such activities show that Vietravel has been making its best efforts in business to make better contribution to the society.
This is also a reason that Vietravel has always attracted the largest number of clients, regardless of difficulties of the economy. With the turnover of the first 9 months of the year 2013 equal to the total turnover of VND 2,500 billion of the year 2012, it is expected that Vietravel will reach the turnover amount of VND 3,000,000 billion at the end of the year 2013 and continue setting record of the leading tour operator for the fourth consecutive time in Vietnam.
Below are some images recorded at the ocular surgery program in Can Tho, Long Xuyen:
Vietravel’s Representative spoke at the eye bandage removal ceremony
Free ocular surgery performed for 130 patients on this occasion
Vietravel’s Representative and doctors removed eye bandages from patients
VIETRAVEL WINS HCMC OUTSTANDING ENTERPRISE AWARD 2013
A ceremony for honoring outstanding enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City 2013 took place at the meeting-hall of Ho Chi Minh City Party Committee at night, October 13th 2013 on the occasion of celebration of Vietnam Entrepreneurs' Day.
This ceremony was held by HCMC Union of Business Associations (HUBA), and Vietravel was also one of 105 outstanding enterprises honoured on this occasion.
It can be said that Vietravel is one of few enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City in particular and nationwide in general in the travel industry with the most stable and high growth at present.
With the turnover of the first 9 months of the year 2013 equal to the total turnover of VND 2,500 billion of the year 2012, it is expected that Vietravel will reach the turnover amount of VND 3,000,000 billion at the end of the year 2013.
Once again, Vietravel fairthfully expresses gratitude to HCMC Union of Business Associations (HUBA), valued clients, valued partners who have always believed in and voted for Vietravel.
All leaders and staffs of Vietravel are determined to strive, work at the best effort and devotedly serve clients and prove high professionalism to requite clients’ trust.
Fairthfully thanks.
Below are some images that we recorded at the ceremony:
Panorama of the ceremony for honoring outstanding enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City 2013
A minute’s silence in memory of General Vo Nguyen Giap
Representative of HCMC People’s Committee spoke of great contributions of enterprises in HCMC to the general development of HCMC
Vietravel was one of 105 outstanding enterprises honoured on this occasion(Photo: Mr.Nguyen Minh Ngoc - Deputy General Director of Vietravel honorably received HCMC outstanding enterprise award 2013)
MR. NGUYEN QUOC KY - PORTRAIT OF AN EXEMPLARY VIETNAMESE ENTREPRENEUR
A solemn ceremony to celebrate the Vietnam Entrepreneurs' Day and honour 100 exemplary entrepreneurs voted and awarded by Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI) took place at Hanoi Friendship Cultural Palace this morning, October 11th 2013.
Mr.Nguyen Quoc Ky – General Director of Vietravel was honourably voted as one of 100 exemplary entrepreneurs in 2013.
In capacity of the leading tour operator’s CEO in Vietnam, managing over 1,000 staffs working domestically and internationally, Mr.Nguyen Quoc Ky was always familiar with and deeply aware of job of each staff so as to timely encourage, support, and create favorable conditions for them to improve their qualifications by speficic plan of action.
He determined that human resource was the most precious asset of the company so that he spent much time and expenditure for training and re-training.
Specific training courses were designed for different subjects ranging from senior managers to sales staffs, tourist guides.
The movement of self-study and strengthening capacity widely spread all over the company, that constituted relatively equal knowledge background and qualification of each level.
Together with a large and qualified group of leaders and over 1,000 staffs, he boosted up Vietravel to a new stature by realizing targets undertaken with the society and the community.
That was proved by high and stable growth of turnover for years, ranging from 30% in comparison with the same period last year.
For the first 9 months of the year 2013 alone, Vietravel obtained a turnover about VND 2,500 billion, equal to that of the whole year 2013, in addition, a series of international awards won by Vietravel recently such as: award from Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA 2013 by Ministries of Tourism of five countries in the Mekong Sub-region in September 2013.
At the beginning of October 2013, Vietravel consecutively won awards from the World Travel Awards 2013 in Dubai on October 1st 2013 and from the TTG Travel Awards 2013 in Thailand hosted by TTGAsia – a leading travel magazine in the Asia-Pacific Region on October 3rd 2013.
With strategic vision in the orientation of development to the year 2020, Vietravel is striving to be listed in the Top 10 leading tour operators in Asia with its consistent vision and mission in the entire company, especially the determination of restructuring the entire business system towards intensive business with a view to strengthening business capacity, and also developing strongly and quickly in terms of scale of domestic and foreign transaction system in order to quickly satisfy any client’s demands any time, anywhere and by all means.
Up to now, Vietravel has attracted over 1,000 well qualified staffs and has been willing for a new playground and confident to catch up with the world in the spirit of pioneering, welcoming Vietravel’s 18th Anniversary, and constantly affirming its position as a Vietnamese travel trademark in the region and the world.
He was deserved to be an exemplary Vietnamese entrepreneur and a pioneer boosting up Vietravel to a new stature and intensifying spirit for travel companies of Vietnam to enter the international arena firmly with their professional staffs, sustainable economic capacities, solidarity and determination to act for lofty missions of Vietnamese entrepreneurs’ spirit in pioneering and advancing.
VIETRAVEL SUPPORTS COMPATRIOTS IN THE CENTRAL REGION
A part from constant efforts in business development, Vietravel always regards social activities as part of its responsibilities for the society.
In 2013, Vietravel defined it as the year of socially responsible travel.
Accordingly, Vietravel with its offices and branches nationwide ranging from Lao Cai to Phu Quoc coordinated with local authorities in organizing social activities such as ocular surgery for poor patients, offering warm clothes to compatriots in the mountainous regions, presenting scholarships to excellent pupils and students in difficult circumstances…
In the spirit of compassion and sharing part of loss in the recent heavy storm suffered by compatriots in the Central Region, all leaders and staffs of Vietravel voluntarily contributed pay of one working day.
Also in October, Vietravel in coordination with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients to perform ocular surgery for over 130 poor patients in Can Tho and Long Xuyen.
Vietravel is launching “Light for Life” program with a view to bring light to many more poor blinds nationwide
With the objective to become the first multinational travel corporation in Vietnam, Vietravel will more and more associate business development with social development to make contribution to each locality.
VIETRAVEL IS PROUD OF HAVING RECEIVED AWARD FOR THE THIRD CONSECUTIVE TIME FROM TTG TRAVEL AWARDS
The 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013 was officially held at Bangkok Convention Centre at CentralWorld (Thailand) at night, October 3rd 2013 for leading groups and companies in travel industry in Asia.
Vietravel was honored to be the only travel company of Vietnam receiving the third consecutive award from this event.
Below is photo reportage recorded from the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013 at Bangkok, Thailand:
Vietravel’s Representative - Ms.Nguyen Le Huong received award at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013
Partners congratulated on the success of Vietravel
General Director Nguyen Quoc Ky shared happiness with partners and reporters traveling with Vietravel delegation
Leader of Sai Travel – a partner of Vietravel in Japan congratulated Vietravel
Mr. La Quoc Khanh – Deputy Director of HCMC Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism shared happiness with Vietravel
Representative of Thai Airway congratulated Vietravel
Mr. Ngoc Chau – Director of FBNC Television Channel attended the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013
Representative of Vietnam Airlines shared happiness with Vietravel
Tour service provider in partnership with Vietravel in Thailand
Representative of Tien Phong Newspaper congratulated Vietravel
Thanh Nien Newspaper in companionship with Vietravel on any way…
Representative of Saigon Entrepreneur Newspaper was also present in Bangkok to witness award of Vietravel for the third time from TTG Asia
Representatives of VTV and HTV had commemorative photograph taken with Vietravel
Representatives of Lao Dong Newspaper, Tuoi Tre Newspaper and VTV
Representative of Nguoi Lao Dong Newspaper – a newspaper of every home was also present to witness and post news on this event
Together congratulating on the breakthrough developments of Vietravel in the Region and the world
VIETRAVEL PROMOTES TOURISM AT THE NORTH CENTRAL REGION ECONOMIC EXCHANGE FAIR – VINH 2013
Vietravel branch in Vinh city participated in promoting tourism at the North Central Region Economic Exchange Fair – Vinh 2013 at Vinh City Central Park – Truong Thi Street from 4th to 11th October 2013.
This fair was hosted by the People’s Committee of Nghe An province, Nghe An Department of Industry and Trade, and the People’s Committee of Vinh city.
According to Nghe An trade promotion program 2013 towards celebration of the 225th anniversary of Phuong Hoang Trung Do, 50th anniversary of Vinh city, 5th anniversary of Class-I city and receiving Third-Class Independence Medal, the North Central Region Economic Exchange Fair was organized with a view to creating opportunities for domestic and foreign enterprises to meet, exchange, introduce new products, new technologies to people in Nghe An province in general and in Vinh City in particular.
The fair included 300 – 400 booths with the participation of over 250 domestic and foreign entities.
A large number of visitors visited and booked tours at Vietravel’s booth
Vietravel’s booth on an area of 54m2 included 6 standard stands numbered from 277 to 282, located at the area set aside for typical enterprises.
At Vietravel’s booth, clients would be advised and offered in terms of tours under the autumnal promotion program 2013, specific tours designed for clients in Vinh city such as Vinh – Laos – Cambodia tour, Vinh – Laos – Thailand tour,…In addition, clients would also have opportunities to join animated game shows with prizes and lucky draw together with valuable gifts offered to visitors at Vietravel’s booth.
Especially, clients directly booking for tours at Vietravel’s booth apart from seasonal promotion programs would get instant discount VND 300,000 per each tour.
Client played game at Vietravel’s booth
As a leading tour operator in Vietnam, Vietravel has always cared of tourism promotion activities.
Domestically, Vietravel has contributed to the success of Ho Chi Minh City Tourism Festival, the International Travel Expo for years,..
In 2013, Vietravel is proud of having been the first and only travel company of Vietnam receiving awards from the World Travel Awards (WTA) and awards from the TTG Travel Awards held by TTG Asia Magazine for three consecutive years 2011, 2012 and 2013.
Vietravel Branch in Vinh City
No.6 Adjacency - Block C1 – Tecco Building –Quang Trung Street – Vinh City.
Tel: 038 3552299 – Fax: 038 356610
VIETRAVEL ACTS TOWARDS TEACHERS AND PUPILS OF BAN KHOANG LOWER SECONDARY SCHOOL (SA PA) SUFFERING FROM NATURAL DISASTERS
In the morning, October 2nd 2013, Vietravel branches in the North (Lao Cai, Hanoi and Hai Phong) in coordination with Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association offered gifts and warm clothes to teachers and pupils of Ban Khoang lower secondary school (Sa Pa) suffering from natural disasters.
The offering session was also attended by leaders of Lao Cai Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Chairperson of Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Lao Cai Province, Chairperson of Lao Cai Red Cross Association, Representative of Sapa Tourism Association and press representatives in Lao Cai.
Mr.Tang Van Toan – Director of Vietravel Lao Cai said that: “With the target of socially and environmentally responsible travel in 2013 by Vietravel, from September 11th to September 20th, the management board and trade union executive board of Vietravel in the North together with enthusiastic support from Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association initiated the donation program and received many clothes, books, notebooks and necessities from Vietravel branches and benefactors.
Mr. Tang Van Toan – Director of Vietravel Lao Cai made a speech at the offering session
Being a travel company, apart from doing business in Lao Cai province, Vietravel in Lao Cai in particular and in the North in general has regularly cared of charity and humanity.
In the program for offering gifts and warm clothes to teachers and pupils of Ban Khoang lower secondary school, Vietravel offered over 500 warm clothes, 6 gifts (each gift valued at VND 1,000,000) to 6 teachers and their families heavily suffering from serious flash flood, and 50 gifts (each gift valued at VND 100,000) for pupils with good and excellent learning outcomes, 500 kg of rice, 225 pairs of shoes, books, notebooks and other necessities for the school.
Representatives of Vietravel and Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association offered gifts to pupils with good and excellent learning outcomes
Gifting to 06 teachers of Ban Khoang lower secondary school and their families
These are significant gifts from the sincere heart of each staff of Vietravel and Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association. It is hoped that such practical support will not only help children in the mountainous areas have opportunity to go to school but also help reduce difficulties in life for their parents, relatives and teachers in fostering and educating them.
VIETRAVEL PROMOTES VIETNAM TOURISM IN DUBAI
A celebration party was held by Vietravel at Shangri-la hotel (Dubai) at night, September 30th 2013 to introduce Vietnamese images, culture and gastronomy to leading partners, travel companies and airlines in Dubai.
Mr.Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to The United Arab Emirates was also present at the celebration party.
It can be said that Vietravel has gained prestige in the regional and global travel markets recently.
Thereby, the Vietnam tourism promotion in Dubai this time is under the strategy for development of two-way travel from Dubai to Vietnam and from Vietnam to Dubai.
Vietravel has opened tour route to Dubai since 2008 up to now and for two recent years, Dubai tour has become one of the hottest tours in the distant travel market, apart from tours to the United States, Europe and South Africa, there have been also tours to Dubai and Mauritius Island.
At the celebration party, Vietravel introduced to partners in Dubai with Vietnamese traditional melodies, unique gastronomy together with significant gifts.
All of which were very impressive to partners and guests.
Speaking at the celebration party, Mr.Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to the United Arab Emirates has affirmed his support to and appreciation of Vietravel in promoting, introducing Vietnam tourism in Dubai in particular and in the United Arab Emirates in general.
This was a good opportunity for Vietravel to pioneer in approaching by its capacity and strategic steps.
Vietravel would also receive WTA Award at Annatara Dubai the Palm Resort &amp; Spa at 7 p.m,October 1st 2013 (UAE local time).
Below are some typical images that we recorded at the Vietravel Celebration Party in Dubai:
Guests and partners attended Vietravel Celebration Party in Dubai
Mr. Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to The United Arab Emirates attended Vietravel celebration party in Dubai
Mr. Tran Doan The Duy – Deputy General Director of Vietravel introduced on Vietravel and expressed his desire that cooperation between Vietravel and partners in Dubai would be more and more developed and close-knit in the future
VIETRAVEL NHA TRANG SPONSORS AND HOSTS VIETRAVEL CUP MINI FOOTBALL TOURNAMENT
To commemorate the World Tourism Day (September 27th), and to create close relations with local press agencies, Vietravel Nha Trang sponsored and hosted the first Vietravel Cup Mini Football Tournament 2013.
Vietravel Nha Trang’s football team took part in the tournament together with football teams of local press agencies.
The tournament was held at the coastal city of Nha Trang with the participation of 4 teams from Vietravel Nha Trang, Khanh Hoa Newspaper, Thanh Nien Newspaper, and the resident correspondents’ club in Khanh Hoa province.
Each football team included 5 players on the field.
The teams competed in a single round robin format. Any team among them wining the highest scores would win the championship and Vietravel Cup.
Vietravel Nha Trang’s football team actively practiced in preparation for the tournament to win the highest result.
The team competed wholeheartedly and devoted fair play moments, raised the friendly spirit and close and united relations with local press agencies.
Although it was the first time Vietravel Nha Trang sponsored and hosted such a tournament, it was well successful.
In addition, the tournament also made contribution to enhancing relationship with local press agencies, facilitating communication of Vietravel trademark in the Central Region of Vietnam.
In recent years, Vietravel has not only done business excellently but also become one of leading entities in social and environmental activities.
A part from joining annual sport festival of entire Vietravel, leaders and staffs of Vietravel have also actively joined sport tournaments hosted by relevant agencies and other organizations.
Some images recorded at the tournament:
Vietravel Nha Trang’s football team
Thanh Nien Newspaper’s football team
Football team of the resident correspondents’ club in Khanh Hoa province
Khanh Hoa Newspaper’s football team
The Organizing Board offered pennants football teams
Football teams devoted fair play moments
With final result, Vietravel Nha Trang won the championship
VIETNAM DIVE CENTER (VINADIVING) OPENS MARINE RESCUE DIVER TRAINING COURSE 2013
In the morning, September 23rd 2013, Vietnam Dive Center – Vinadiving (under Vietravel) in coordination with the HCMC Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department opened “Marine rescue diver training course 2013” for police directly in charge of rescue work in the coastal city of Nha Trang.
Conducted according to a plan of HCMC Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department on marine rescue diving training 2013 for police directly in charge of rescue work, the Marine rescue diver training course 2013 would be conducted for 10 days in Nha Trang and 20 days in Ho Chi Minh City.
35 polices would be trained in terms of diving skills from the basic to advanced and rescue levels by Vinadiving.
Upon completion of the course, each police would be granted with Certificate of professional rescue diver by the Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI).
Vinadiving is an affiliated unit of Vietravel and has been also the first diving center established in Vietnam since 1997.
With strong developments, Vinadiving has been satisfying every demand of clients, ensuring good service quality, absolute safety for visitors attending diving courses or diving tours and also affirmed to be the leading diving center at present.
VIETRAVEL RESPONDS TO MAKING THE WORLD CLEANER CAMPAIGN
The “Making the World Cleaner” Campaign initiated by Australia since 1993 and launched globally by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) has become an important annual international environmental event.
The campaign, which has been held on the third week of September annually, has attracted participation of hundreds of millions of people and over 130 nations.
Accordingly, Vietnam has actively responded to the campaign since 1994 up to now, and ministries, bodies, localities and people of different social strata in Vietnam have been enthusiastically responded to it as well.
The campaign this year is titled as: “Our Place… Our Planet… Our Responsibility”.
Being a leading travel company in Vietnam with its branches and offices nationwide, apart from excellent business, Vietravel has also paid special attention to socially responsible activities.
In 2013, Vietravel has launched the “For clean travel environment” program with a view to realizing the U.N Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) – “Ensuring environmental sustainability”; honoring cultural consciousness of Vietnamese people getting tours in terms of preservation and protection of environment and landscapes.
Thereby, Vietravel in coordination with Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, and Youth Union in cities and provinces nationwide held launching ceremonies for environmental protection, sanitation, offering autolytic nylon bags to local people.
Concurrently, for visitors getting tours, Vietravel encouraged them in keeping green and clean travel environment by specific activities as follows:
Vietravel offered autolytic nylon bags to visitors;
Encouraging visitors to dispose of waste in the right place and raise high sense of using environmentally-friendly autolytic bags;Tourist guides encouraged visitors to collect waste in cars during their tours;
In addition, Vietravel also encouraged visitors getting tours to join other activities such as: planting trees, collecting waste at parks and on beaches, saving and protecting water resources, educational activities on raising the community’s awareness of environment in responding to the “The “Making the World Cleaner” Campaign.
Socially responsible travel is not a new concept but defined to be the throughout long term and consistent target in sustainable development that needs pioneers and Vietravel has been fulfilling its undertakings with the society actively and bringing about great social effects constituting a beacon for everyone to follow.
Vietravel has officially launched the “For a green and clean travel environment” program since 2013
The program has been continuously launched in cities and provinces nationwide
The program has been actively supported by the community
Vietravel has continuously called for the sharing from the community and visitors
VIETRAVEL VUNG TAU ORGANIZES “AFFECTIONATE FULL-MOON NIGHT” FOR POOR CHILDREN
With a view to bringing about such a significant full-moon night for children in difficult circumstances, on September 18th 2013, Vietravel Vung Tau organized “affectionate full-moon night” for children and families in difficult circumstances in Long Dien district, Ba Ria – Vung Tau province.
With animated drumbeats, colorful and sparkling light, children and families in difficult circumstances enjoyed such a significant, laughing and happy full-moon night.
This was an annual activity conducted and maintained by Vietravel Vung Tau.
In the festival night, Vietravel Vung Tau offered 100 full-moon gifts to children and gifts to local poor families.
This was such a significant activity implemented by Vietravel Vung Tau with a view to fulfilling its social responsibility, sharing and bringing about happiness to those in difficult circumstances.
Representative of Vietravel Vung Tau offered gifts to local people
Offering gifts to children
Children had such a significant full-moon night
VIETRAVEL AWARDED WITH THE “BEST OUTBOUND TRAVEL OPERATOR OF THE YEAR FOR VIETNAM” AWARD FOR THE FIFTH CONSECUTIVE TIME BY FIVE TOURISM MINISTRIES
Under the framework of the International Travel Expo Ho Chi Minh City 2013 (ITE HCMC 2013), the Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA2013 was officially held at the White Palace Convention Center on September 11th 2013, and Vietravel was honorably awarded with the “best outbound travel operator of the year for Vietnam” award.
The “Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards” has been annually held to vote and honor leading tour operators in the Region.
The “Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA 2013” this year was attended by tour operators coming from five countries namely: Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar and Thailand.
Representing Vietnam, Vietravel was honorably awarded with the “Best outbound travel operator of the year for Vietnam” award for the fifth consecutive time.
Vietravel satisfied all voting criteria of the award in terms of: new and diversified tour products; reasonable price; diversified options for visitors; good quality customer services with criteria: obtaining trust from consumers, interested by the press, awards; sustainable tourism development in close connection with practical activities.
Mr. Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy General Director of Vietravel received the award at MTAA 2013
This award was the acknowledgement of clients, prestigious tour operators in terms of quality and tourist services of Vietravel.
This was the result of constant effort and improvement aimed at better serving clients and making contribution to tourism development of Vietnam.
This encouragement would be a motive force for Vietravel to constantly make efforts and better serve clients as well as affirm its pioneering position as the leading tour operator in Vietnam.
NEW HIGHLIGHTS OF VIETRAVEL AT ITE 2013:
The International Travel Expo (ITE) 2013 titled as “Vietnam – Oriental Colors - Kaleidoscope” will be held at the Saigon Exhibition &amp; Convention Center (SECC), Phu My Hung from 12th to 14th September 2013.
Vietravel will bring about a Vietnamese cultural space which is imbued with Vietnamese cultural tradition and emotional.
This is the 9th year ITE has been annually held in Ho Chi Minh City with a view to maintaining the targets to attract buyers coming from markets in the world to seek for opportunities of cooperation for mutual development in services, tourism with countries in the Southeast Asian countries. In which, ITE has attracted participation of Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Myanmar with more and more improved quality and has become the most significant travel event in the Mekong Region.
Vietravel is proud of have been the “Official carrier and official tour operator of ITE 2013 in Ho Chi Minh City”.
Vietravel is one of leading tour operators in Vietnam in operating tours for international visitors for years with many attractive products ranging from discovery and adventure tours to MICE tours, tours to experience local life and learn about culture of regions domestically and internationally.
This year, Vietravel will join ITE 2013 at booth C18, with its title “Vietnam – Oriental Colors - Kaleidoscope”.
On an area of 36m2, Vietravel will introduce a Vietnamese cultural space in the past and at present with daily life images which arouse much of emotion in mind of audiences, on ancient quarter in Hanoi with animated living and trading views, Hoi An Ancient Town tranquil and peaceful by the side of Hoai River, ancient building currently used as the headquarters of the People’s Committee of Ho Chi Minh City…
From 9 a.m to 5 p.m every day during the ITE, Vietravel will introduce to domestic and international visitors with a series of new autumnal tours, demand-stimulus tours in coordination with its partners.
Vietravel will also operate sightseeing tours for international buyers to discover famous tourist destinations in Vietnam.
Thereby, U.S buyers will visit Da Nang – Hoi An; German buyers will visit Phan Thiet; British, Italian and Canadian buyers will visit Phan Thiet and Indonesian buyers will visit Ho Tram – Vung Tau.
A part from activities and events, Vietravel is also voted and awarded with Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA 2013 with title “Outbound Travel Operator of the Year for Vietnam”.
The Award Ceremony will be held at the White Palace Convention Center with Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards (MTAA) Ceremony – with the theme Mekong Colors Festival Night.
VIETRAVEL LONG XUYEN IN COMPANIONSHIP WITH THE “GIVING ADDED STRENGTH TO SCHOOL” PROGRAM
Succeeding activities for the community in 2013, Vietravel Long Xuyen followed up the “Giving added strength to school” program to offer bicycles and learning aids to pupils of schools in Long Xuyen city, Tri Ton district, and Thoai Son district of An Giang province.
Representatives of Vietravel Long Xuyen were present at the opening ceremony of the new school year at Dinh My lower secondary school (Thoai Son district, An Giang province) on September 5th 2013 and offered 5 bicycles to excellent pupils in difficult circumstances.
Happiness to receive new bicycles as means of going to school brightly appeared in the eyes and smiles of pupils.
This was also happiness and motive force for Vietravel to continue its mission of sharing for the community by practical activities.
Representative of Vietravel Long Xuyen offered bicycles to pupils at the opening ceremony of the new school year
Actively in social activities, Vietravel has pioneered in launching many significant programs and activities and successfully called for the sharing from the community.
In 2013, Vietravel launched the “Travel for a clean and green environment” program in Ho Chi Minh City, provinces and cities nationwide.
This program was largely cared and supported by visitors and people.
Also in 2013, Vietravel has also launched the second “Vietravel in companionship with Vietnamese talents” scholarship program 2013.
Thereby, Vietravel would offer 43 scholarships (VND 10,000,000/scholarship) to new excellent students in difficult circumstances of universities nationwide.
Vietravel branches in cities and provinces would also launch specific and appropriates programs.
In the coming time, Vietravel Long Xuyen would continue offering bicycles and learning aids to pupils of other schools in the province.
Road to school has been shorter thanks to gifts offered by Vietravel
VIETRAVEL HAI PHONG FOLLOWED UP “FOR GREEN ENVIRONMENT OF THE SEA AND ISLANDS” PROGRAM
In the morning, 6th September 2013, Vietravel Hai Phong in coordination with the branch of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd in Hai Phong followed up the “For green environment of the sea and islands” program at Cat Ba islandish district.
This was a practical activity showing the effect and pervasion of the “Travel for green and clean environment” program launched by Vietravel in 2013.
Vietravel Hai Phong and branch of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd in Hai Phong, that booked “Hai Phong – Cat Ba” tour for its staff at Vietravel, coordinated in holding a voluntary day of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd in Hai Phong.
Thereby, hundreds of staffs of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd and Vietravel Hai Phong together joined the “For green environment of the sea and islands” program.
Volunteers swept garbage at Tung Thu beach (Hai Phong) and propagandized to visitors and local people on the sense of environmental protection.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Mr.Michael Zhang – General Director of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd said that: “This is a significant social activity bringing about active effect to the environment.
This is also an occasion for GE staffs to remember and raise high sense of environmental protection, thereby to become ambassadors of the environment at their work and living places.”
Vietravel has officially launched the “Travel for a green and clean environment” program firstly in Ho Chi Minh City since February 2013.
In other cities and provinces nationwide, Vietravel in coordination with such localities has successively followed up phases in 2013.
In addition, Vietravel has also flexibly included social and environmental activities in tour products to call for the participation of visitors.
This program has been actively cared and supported by the community, especially corporate clients.
Thanks to such support and coordination, Vietravel together with entities has designed holiday and sightseeing tours in combination with social activities to make them extended and pervasive to everyone.
CEREMONY OF NEW COMMUNIST PARTY MEMBERS ADMISSION ORGANIZED BY VIETRAVEL
On August 3rd 2013, Vietravel Party Committee organized the Ceremony of New Communist Party Members Admission to admit five applicants who are excellent staff of Vietravel with consistent political virtue and have made significant contributions to the development of Vietravel.
Vietravel is not only the leading prestigious tour operator in Vietnam but also a pioneer in social and charitable activities towards the community.
In addition, Vietravel has also focused on fostering knowledge and developing a qualified group of staff with excellently professional qualification to satisfy its business needs in the period of international integration.
In parallel with business, Vietravel has also enhanced developing new communist party members from its excellent staff with consistent political virtue in order to realize its designed targets.
With such targets, on August 3rd 2013, Vietravel Party Committee organized the Ceremony of New Communist Party Members Admission to admit five applicants including comradeNguyen Tan Long (Deputy Director of Green Leaf Tour Center), comrade Do Tan Cao Phu(Deputy Head of Information Technology Department), comrade Duong Quang Binh (Deputy Director of Vietravel Branch in Da Nang), comrade Tran Thi Ngoc Tu (Vietravel Branch in Da Nang), and comrade Nguyen The Hung (Information Technology Department).
This event once again shows the care of Vietravel Party Committee in finding, fostering and admitting qualified applicants to the communist party and building up strong Vietravel Party Committee.
This is also great encouragement for staff to constantly study, self-improve and make efforts to fulfill their works at any working positions, and more qualified applicants will be admitted to the communist party in the coming time.
Leaders and staff of Vietravel faithfully congratulate five new communist party members and hope to see their constant contributions to the development of Vietravel.
Below are some images of the Ceremony of New Communist Party Members Admission:
Comrades admitted to the communist party took their oaths
Comrade Nguyen Quoc Ky – Secretary of the Party Committee awarded Decision on Party Member Admission and congratulatory flowers to new communist party members
OPEN TENNIS TOURNAMENT OF TENNIS CLUBS IN BINH DINH PROVINCE – VIETRAVEL CUP 2013
A part from Vietravel’s sponsoring for national tennis championships in 2013 with sponsoring value amounted to VND 2 billion, Vietravel has also sponsored for the Open Tennis Tournament of Tennis Clubs in Binh Dinh province – Vietravel Cup 2013.
The opening ceremony will be started at Quy Nhon stadium at 17h00 on July 26th 2013.
It can be said that in support to events of culture and sports in Vietnam, Vietravel has been the most active entity in sponsoring regional cultural events such as: the Traditional Boat Race of Hue Festival in 2008, Bac Ha Horse Race – Lao Cai in 2012, and in 2013, Vietravel would sponsor for other cultural festivals in other regions such as Bay Nui (Seven Mountains) Bull-Racing Festival in An Giang…
In addition, one of sports specially sponsored by Vietravel is tennis which is regarded as an impressive point because it attracts a large number of fans to practise.
A part from sponsoring for National Tennis Championships hosted by Vietnam Tennis Federation (VTF) from 2012 to 2015, Vietravel has also financially supported to open tennis tournaments at the regional level hosted by provinces, of which the Open Tennis Tournament of Tennis Clubs in Binh Dinh province – Vietravel Cup 2013 hosted by Binh Dinh province has attracted over 150 tennis players from 8 provinces and cities namely Quang Ngai, Gia Lai, Dak Lak, Khanh Hoa, Lam Dong, Quang Nam, and Ninh Thuan.
Vietravel has been the main sponsor for the National Tennis Championships in the period 2012 - 2015
(Photo: The Team Tennis National Championship – Vietravel Cup 2013 held at Tuyen Son Tennis Court, Danang)
The opening ceremony will be started at 17h00 on July 26th and the closing ceremony will be ended at 18h00 on July 28th 2013 at Quy Nhon stadium as expected.
This tournament is promisingly hoped to be good and attract a large number of spectators in Binh Dinh province and become a regular tournament of Binh Dinh province.
Vietravel has honor to be the main sponsor for this tournament.
VIETRAVEL RAISED FUND IN SUPPORT TO THE “FISHING-NETS OF LOVE FOR FISHERMEN IN PARACEL ISLANDS AND SPRATLY ISLANDS” PROGRAM
On July 20th 2013, Vietravel in coordination with the Labour Newspaper and Vietnam General Confederation of Labour launched the “Fishing-nets of love for fishermen in Paracel Islands and Spratly Islands” program which was one of events of the Year of socially responsible travel in 2013.
A part from the business target to achieve turnover of VND 3,000 billion in 2013, Vietravel also determined that the year 2013 was the year of socially and environmentally responsible travel.
Of which, for socially responsible activities, Vietravel always pioneered in launching many programs suchas: raising charitable fund for “Warm coats for children in need” program – warm coats were prepared by Vietravel staff and visitors to gift to the elderly and children in mountainous areas, imbued with sentimental attachment or “Life for Light” fund aimed at free ocular surgery for about 1,800 poor patients nationwide since 2010 up to now. Succeeding such activities, in summer 2013, in the North Vietnam, Vietravel in coordination with the Labour Newspaper and Vietnam General Confederation of Labour raised fund in suppor to the “Fishing-nets of love for fishermen in Paracel Islands and Spratly Islands” program.
The program would be launched at all Vietravel branches in the North Vietnam ranging from Lao Cai, Hanoi to Hai Phong.
The special characteristic of this program was that Vietravel not only encouraged its staff to join the program but also popularized to each visitor to join such significant humanity program.
Staff of Vietravel branch in Hanoi joined the program
Thereby, fund for the “Fishing-nets of love” program would be raised by sending message, cost of each message would be VND 14,000.
Clients booking for tours with Vietravel sending supportive message would not be charged for cost of message, but to be directly deducted from their tour costs.
As such, for each tour booked with Vietravel, clients successfully made contribution to raising fund for the program and brought about opportunities for compatriot fishermen to have peace of mind and live with the sea.
According to Ms, Ngoc, a client of Vietravel, as known about this program, said that: “ I am very emotional to think that such small amount of money would contribute to sharing difficulties and misfortune of fishermen and helping them have peace of mind to hold on to the land, the sea.
And when the program is launched, I will join”.
Staff of Vietravel branch in Lao Cai actively joined the program immediately after the program was launched
The program was launched at Vietravel branch in Hai Phong
Happiness on each face of poor fishermen was a great encouragement for staff of Vietravel to constantly work and continue contributing to the society because the business mission was in close connection with the responsibility to the community and better living environmental protection.
The program, as expected, would attract the participation of 4,000 – 5,000 clients in the North Vietnam and if successful, it would be launched nationwide.
Vietravel hoped that, with such significant humanity program, all staff of Vietravel as well as staff of other companies and clients would further understand and sympathize with the life of poor fishermen fishing in the Paracel Islands and Spratly Islands, and practically support and continue joining the next charitable and voluntary programs of Vietravel.
THAILAND TOURS WITH SPECIAL DISCOUNT
Vietravel has offered a new and attractive promotional program.
Thereby, the first 30 clients (of each tour) booking for Thailand tours with date of departure from August 3rd 2013 to August 27th 2013 will get shocking and special discount.
Concretely, there will be many Thailand tours departed each day and for each tour, Vietravel will offer special discount for the first 30 clients booking for Thailand tour with date of departure from August 3rd 2013 to August 27th 2013.
Thereby, VND 1,000,000 will be discounted for the 1st to 10th clients, and VND 500,000 will be discounted for the 11th to 20th clients, and VND 200,000 will be discounted for the 21st to 30th clients.
This promotional program is applicable to Vietravel’s clients departing from Ho Chi Minh City.
This is a “booking early, getting best price” strategy launched by Vietravel with a view to providing maximal support to clients booking Thailand tour on this summer occasion.
At present, Vietravel has the highest frequency of Thailand tours departure with 4 to 8 tours departed each day, so that clients can get Thailand tour at any time in the day with Vietravel, there is no need to take much time to choose because the core values of the tour expected are: High satisfaction to service quality, hospitable, professional and responsible serving attitude, and also constituting the best competitive price in the travel industry, which are regarded as prerequisite factors by Vietravel in serving and developing its trademark, trusted and supported by a large number of clients.
For consecutive years, Vietravel has been recognized by the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) as the tour operator organizing Thailand tours with the highest number of tourists together with "The Friends of Thailand" award.
he Temple of the Emerald Buddha and the Grand Palace are two famous destinations that you should visit when traveling to Thailand
Further information about Thailand tours is available at: https://travel.com.vn/du-lich/221/519-All-0/0/0000/danh-sach-tour.aspx
VIETRAVEL OFFERS SCHOOL BAGS FROM JULY 15TH 2013
It can be said that customer care is an art; an enterprise should quickly understand demands and offer options for clients to easily choose and perceive enthusiastic preparation of such enterprise.
Among clients, kid “God” is easily ignored, but it is contrary at Vietravel.
Kids have much time to entertain in summer in compensation for learning days to get energy for a new school year.
Many kids travel with their families overseas to get further knowledge of cultures and new discoveries.
To satisfy such demands, Vietravel, a part from offering new tours for families to Thailand, the United States with regionally and globally famous entertainment areas, has also applied its policy of special gifts offered to kids at the age less than 12 getting outbound tour with their families at Vietravel.
Gift is a pretty school bag featuring animated summer as impression of summer holidays 2013.
This program is applicable in Ho Chi Minh City and in the Southeastern provinces (Dong Nai, Vung Tau, Binh Duong) from July 15th to emptiness of gifts.
Kids will have two options to receive special gift that is a school bag or a gift offered under the tour.
All gifts are also attractive and particularly convenient but school bag is an option that kids should care of because summer is going by and a new school year is coming.
School bag – a significant gift offered by Vietravel to pupils on the occasion of new school year
At present, Vietravel offers new Thailand family tours on this summer occasion to families with kids with two travel itineraries for 5 days and 6 days.
Such tours are not only attractive in terms of price, but also open up an opportunity for kids to discover new destinations such as: Dream World, Underwater World…while adults will be still comfortable to visit Pattaya coastal city and Bangkok. shopping paradise.
It is known that Dream World, that is located at the center of Bangkok Capital, and regarded as the little Disneyland, is the leading amusement park in Thailand, interested by Thai people who usually take their children to entertain here at weekends and on summer holidays.
There are many extremely exciting entertainment activities and for kids ranging from light to strong feeling games such as “Hollywood action”.
A part from games, Dream World also attracts kids by legendary space with characters from legendary stories.
The park has been divided into several zones with main destinations namely Fantasy Land, Dream Garden, Dream World Plaza and Adventure Land.
Among them, Fantasy Land is the land of legendary stories with Cinderella, Frog Prince, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs…
Dream Garden is a legendary flower garden with colorful flowers blossoming in four seasons.
Dream World Plaza brings about European space with paths filled with colorful flowers that you can take photographs pleasingly, and Adventure Land is a destination where you will have opportunity to experience action games, mysterious adventures.
If not available with opportunity to discover oceanic life in the cool sea water, our kids can still have opportunity to wallow in the lively space of the Underwater World which is the largest and most modern ocean aquarium in the South East Asia.
The aquarium houses more than 4,000 marine animals, comprising more than 200 different species.
You will walk a round the state-of-the-art acrylic underwater tunnel through an underwater environment filled with dozens of colorful marine species and coral reef as if you were walking in the ocean.
There are also sharks and smaller creatures living in this underwater world, it is very exciting for you to discover and take photographs at any time and from anywhere.
New Thailand family tour information:
NEW “BANGKOK - PATTAYA” TOUR (5 days)
Price: ranging from VND 6,690,000/pax
Departure: on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday every week
NEW “BANGKOK - PATTAYA” TOUR (6 days)
Price: ranging from VND 6,990,000 /pax
Departure: 11, 16, 25 /6 ; 2, 09, 14, 23, 30/7
Contact: Vietravel - 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
Tel: (08) 3822 8898 - Ext: 150, 151, 152.
Hotline: 0938 301388.
Vietravel booking offices in Ho Chi Minh City:
• Nguyen Hue: 75 Nguyen Hue Street, Ben Nghe Ward, District 1, Tel: (08) 3914 1301
• Bui Vien: 37 Bui Vien Street, Pham Ngu Lao Ward, District 1, Tel: (08) 3920 9373
• Tan Dinh: 35 Tran Quoc Toan Street, Ward 8, District 3, Tel: (08) 3820 6777
 • Cho Lon: 30 Chau Van Liem Street, Ward 10, District 5, Tel: (08) 3853 723
 • Phu My Hung: 1409 Nguyen Van Linh Street, Tan Phong Ward, District 7, Tel: (08) 5412 2777
• District 10: 505 Le Hong Phong Street, Ward 3, District 10, Tel: (08) 3835 6460
 • District 11: 1456E 3/2 Street, Ward 2, District 11, Tel: (08) 3969 9439
 • Cong Hoa: 492 Cong Hoa Street, Ward 13, Tan Binh District, Tel: (08) 3810 2409
 • Au Co: 286 Au Co Street, Ward 9, Tan Binh District, Tel: (08) 3975 5011
 • Tan Binh: 1130 CMT8 Street, Ward 4, Tan Binh District, Tel: (08) 3948 2232
 • Phu Nhuan: 32A Phan Dang Luu Street, Binh Thanh District, Tel: (08) 3551 2345
 • Quang Trung: 37 Quang Trung Street, Ward 10, Go Vap District, Tel: (08) 3989 9334
 • Thu Duc: 142 Vo Van Ngan Street, Thu Duc District, Tel: (08) 3722 5507/508.
Vietravel branches in the South-Eastern Region and the South-Western Region of Vietnam:
• DONG NAI: 242 30/4 Street, Thanh Binh Ward, Bien Hoa City, Tel: (0613) 948 930
• BINH DUONG: 655 CMT8 Street, Phu Cuong Ward, Thu Dau Mot Town, Binh Duong, Tel: (0650) 38 82 888
• VUNG TAU: 17 Ba Cu Street, Ward 1, Vung Tau City, Tel: (064) 38 38 138
• BA RIA TRANSACTION OFFICE ( VUNG TAU BRANCH): 33 Le Quy Don Street, Phuoc Trung Ward, Ba Ria City, Tel: (064) 37 38 338
• CAN THO: No.5 Tran Van Kheo Street, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho City, Tel: (0710) 376 3085
• LONG XUYEN : 23A Ly Thai To Street, My Long Ward, Long Xuyen City, Tel: (076) 3923567
• PHU QUOC: No.53, 30/4 Street, Duong Dong Town, Phu Quoc District, Kien Giang, Tel: (077) 3996 544.
And Vietravel's branches and offices nationwide or visit our online booking website atwww.travel.com.vn
VIETRAVEL TRAINING CENTER (VIETC) – FORMATION AND DEVELOPMENT AFTER 4 YEARS AND ITS LEADING QUALITY OF TRAINING IN TOURISM AFFIRMED
The 4th Anniversary (17/7/2009 – 17/7/2013) of Vietravel Training Center (VIETC) was formally held on July 19th 2013.
For 4 years of development, VIETC has affirmed its position as the leading prestigious provider of tourism training in Vietnam up to now.
VIETC under Vietravel was established on July 17th 2009 with targets aimed at training high quality human resource for Vietravel in particular, for tourism industry of Ho Chi Minh City and nationwide in general.
Over each stage of formation and development, VIETC has hold tens of travel operations training courses and successfully trained hundreds of trainees.
Trainees after graduation from the center have also successfully got employment by themselves at travel companies, and many excellent trainees of them have been recruited to work directly for Vietravel.
Also at the 4th Anniversary of VIETC, a course-ending ceremony was held for over 90 trainees of classes namely tour sale and operation, tourist guide, and an opening ceremony for classes tour sale and operation K22, and air ticket booking K4 were also held at this 4th Anniversary as well.
Deeply understanding market demands when corporate clients have had more and more demands on organizing events, animations, teambuilding and gala, since July 2013, VIETC has opened the first training course on “Animation and Event Management Skills” with training duration for 2.5 months, flexibly held at nights, and taught by well qualified and experienced lecturers who would provide practically useful knowledge to trainees.
Lecturer Huynh Huu Tam, who is one of the pioneers imparting Teambuilding to Vietnam and the main lecturer of the training subject, said that:”With the “theory-combined practice” training program designed, trainees would have two thirds (2/3) of learning time to practise and experience at Vietravel and practical programs and events, accordingly, after graduation, such trainees would have sufficient knowledge and skills to work effectively”.
Some images of the 4th Anniversary:
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director of Vietravel spoke at the 4th Anniversary
Mr. Nguyen Thanh Hai – Director of Vietravel Training Center spoke at the 4th Anniversary
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director of Vietravel offered congratulatory flowers to lecturers of Vietravel Training Center
Mr. Nguyen Thanh Hai – Director of Vietravel Training Center offered congratulatory flowers to lecturers who are staff of Vietravel
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director of Vietravel offered rewards to trainees who excellently passed the final examinations
Course-ending and graduation ceremony
Alumni representative of Vietravel Training Center, who was recruited to work directly for Vietravel,shared her ideas with trainees
Trainees taken photograph with their lecturers at the course-ending ceremony
All have been ready to get successes with their “knowledge and skills”
Contact:
VIETRAVEL TRAINING CENTER
No.35 Tran Quoc Toan Street, Ward 8, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City Tel: (08) 3 820 8129 - Fax: (08) 38 208 130
VIETRAVEL ATTENDED RECRUITMENT AT RMIT CAREERS FAIR
To practically launch vocational guidance and make connection to bringing employment opportunities to students, on July 12th 2013, RMIT University organized Careers Fair 2013 at Nguyen Van Linh Street, District 7, Ho Chi Minh City with many activities set for employers and students.
Vietravel was honored to be the Gold Sponsor and present at the booth No.40 at this careers fair.
The Careers Fair 2013 held by RMIT University was an annual event attracting participation of big companies and groups so that this was a good occasion for students to seek for desired employment opportunities.
The Careers Fair 2013, which was held at the Gymnasium of RMIT University (No.72, Nguyen Van Linh Street, District 7, Ho Chi Minh City) from 9h – 15h on July 12th 2013, attracted nearly 100 employers and expected to welcome approximately 4,000 students.
A lot of students visited Vietravel booth and submitted their application documents
Vietravel booth was located at position No.40 where students would have opportunities to seek for attractive jobs at different positions such as: travel agent, air ticket agent, operator, service procurement staff, accountant, labour export staff, communication specialist, marketing staff, personnel staff, general administrative staff.
Students filled in application forms Students not only found a lot of employment opportunities at Vietravel booth but also specifically advised by Vietravel staff in terms of jobs as well as how to finalize their application documents
Vietravel is the leading tour operator in Vietnam with its development for nearly 18 years, together with over 900 staff.
In order to continue satisfying demands and prepare highly qualified human resource for development strategy and extend domestic and foreign operating network, Vietravel has regularly attended career promotion activities and organized recruitments, including enhancement of direct contacts and recruitment from universities and colleges nationwide.
Vietravel is a dynamic and professional working environment paying the way for the success of young people
Directing towards the vision 2015 – 2020, Vietravel focuses on improving service quality, diversifying product categories towards clients’ interests, thereby the objective is to become the first multi-national tour operator in Vietnam in 2015 and listed in the Top 10 leading tour operators in Asia in 2020.
In order to obtain the designed objective, Vietravel always pays special attention to human resource development, regularly organizes professional training courses for employees.
Vietravel creates a dynamic, professional and friendly working environment and opens opportunities for promotion.
At Vietravel, each staff is a core, an important link to perfect the entire apparatus, pioneers in renovation to bring to clients the best satisfaction and trust.
A NEW TRANSACTION OFFICE OF THE WORLDTICKET (WTS) OPENED
In order to make it easy for clients to transact, a new transaction office of the WorldTicket under Vietnam Travel and Marketing Transports Company (Vietravel) was officially opened at No.90A Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City on July 12th 2013.
The new office is located at the Pasteur &amp; Nguyen Thi Minh Khai crossroads (District 3, HCMC) – No.90A Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City. With such a favourable location in the economic and commercial center of Ho Chi Minh City, it is easy for clients to transact for buying air tickets, train tickets, and passenger services for their travel: hotel reservation; transport service, airport passenger support service, travel insurance agent, Visa &amp; Immigration support service, Free &amp; Easy tour, cruise agent, RailEurope agent…
With earnest investment aimed at bringing to clients a friendly and comfortable place of transaction, professionally trained consultants who have well experienced for nearly 18 years, and with kind support and cooperation from airlines, and leading domestic and foreign prestigious service suppliers, the WorldTicket will always bring to clients satisfaction and trust in using services, and direct towards maximal interests of WTS’s clients.
You can directly transact with WTS from 8:00 – 21:00 everyday, including Saturday, Sunday and Holidays, or contact the Call Center at: 1900 1839 for 24/24 service support.
rofessionally trained and well experienced staff of WTS always bring about best satisfaction to clients
With 24/24 servicing policy, clients are best served and advised at any time on their demand by WTS staff
On this occasion, the WorldTicket has officially opened its website: www.ticketglobal.com which is the first online booking channel in Vietnam, and clients can easily buy tickets from their houses.
And the fast check-in service has been also opened, clients can select their airline seats and check in without queuing up at the airport when they buy tickets at the WorldTicket.
In order to express gratitude to clients, the WorldTicket has offered a special promotional program titled as “Let’s fly with pleasure – instantly get preferences” applicable from July 12th to August 12th 2013 for all clients who buy air tickets at the WorldTicket office - No.90A Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City with attractive preferences as follows:
- Offering 50% of AIG travel premium (from 4 to 6 days) for the first 50 clients buying international air tickets for flights in the Southeast Asian Region.
- Clients transacting, booking air tickets and services online at the website www.ticketglobal.com in the period from July 12th to August 12th 2013 will have opportunity to win “VND 0 air ticket each week”.
Concretely, clients will have opportunity to buy air ticket for the air route from HCMC to Da Nang, Singapore or vice versa from Da Nang, Singapore to HCMC at VND 0.
Accordingly, 16 VND 0 air tickets under this program will be randomly set on corresponding air tickets at the website www.ticketglobal.com.
And clients upon making online payment for air tickets will receive random wining notice from the system.
If wining, he or she will be refunded with all amounts for air ticket paid before that at WTS.
Booking air tickets and services online at the website www.ticketglobal.com on the opening occasion, clients will have opportunity to win “VND 0 air ticket each week”.
In addition, clients will also have opportunity to join the promotional “Hello Summer 2013” program titled as “Let’s get easy summer tour – win a stylish motorbike” launched by Vietravel from May 20th to August 17th 2013.
Accordingly, with each VND 10,000,000 paid, clients will get 01 lucky draw with opportunity to win 01 Yamaha Nouvo GP motorbike each week and special prize at the end of the term would be 01 pair of Yamaha Nouvo GP motorbikes.
Contact information:
WORLDTICKET - No.90A Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
Call center: 1900 18 39
Website: www.ticketglobal.com
VIETRAVEL FINANCIALLY SPONSORED FOR THE 6TH NATIONAL TOURISM ART PHOTO “VIETNAM – TIMELESS CHARM” CONTEST
After 5 months of launch, the 6th National Tourism Art Photo “Vietnam – Timeless Charm” Contest held by Vietnam Tourism Review under the direction of Vietnam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) and with coordination and sponsorship by Vietnam Association of Photographic Artists attracted enthusiastic participation of domestic and foreign photographers.
The Organizing Board received 6,466 photos (including 6,011 color photos, 455 black and white photos) by 590 authors from 61 provinces and cities nationwide.
Hanoi accounted for the highest number of authors joining the contest with 114 authors and 1,599 photos, Ho Chi Minh City with 73 authors and 874 photos.
The Organizing Board selected 164 arts works of which there were 12 prize arts works to display at the 6th National Tourism Art Photo “Vietnam – Timeless Charm” Exhibition at the Information and Exhibition Center, 45 Trang Tien Street, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi from 5th to 9th July 2013.
Speaking at the Award Ceremony, VNAT’s Deputy Director General Nguyen Manh Cuong – Head of the Organizing Board expressed that “the 6th National Tourism Art Photo “Vietnam – Timeless Charm” Contest has attracted the highest number of authors and arts works ever before, with quality highly appreciated by the Board of Examiners.
This is a diversified and valuable material reserve for organizations, enterprises to popularize and introduce images of the country &amp; people of Vietnam to domestic and foreign visitors.
We are proud of images of the country &amp; people of Vietnam via the contest works…”
As the leading tour operator in Vietnam, Vietravel was honored to be the sponsor for this Contest with a view to making contribution to popularizing Vietnam tourism images via moments of life and lands – which would be ideal destinations for domestic and foreign visitors.
Vietravel respectfully congratulates winners of this Contest
01 First Prize:
Arts work: Hospitality - Author: Vu Thanh Chung (Hanoi)
02 Second Prizes:
Arts work: Floating market on New Year’s Eve – Author: Nguyen Bach Thao (Vinh Long)
Arts work: Animated My Son - Author: Vo Dong Bay (Thua Thien – Hue)
Arts work: Ron rang My Son (Animated My Son)
03 Third Prizes:
Arts work: Sa Pa beauty – Author: Vu Ngoc Hoang (Khanh Hoa)
Arts work: Rhythm on the river – Author: Tran Vu Dzung (Ho Chi Minh City)
Arts work: Paddy fragnance – Author: Tuan Nghia (Yen Bai)
Arts work: Nhip dieu tren song (Rhythm on the river)
06 Consolation Prizes:
Arts work: Buffalo killing festival of the Catu ethnic minority in Quang Nam – Author: Ong Van Sinh (Da Nang)
Arts work: Ban Gioc Waterfall Timeless Charm - Author: Nguyen Minh Tan (Ho Chi Minh City)
Arts work: Mu Cang Chai Terraced Fields - Author: Binh Nguyen (Ninh Binh)
Arts work: Resounding Forever - Author: Tran Nhan Quyen (Hanoi)
Arts work: Lighthouse on Cat Ba – Long Chau Island - Author: Vu Dzung (Hai Phong)
Arts work: Spratly Islands - Author: Vu Hai.
500 POOR PATIENTS IN KHANH KHOA PROVINCE SPONSORED BY VIETRAVEL FOR OCULAR SURGERY
On 27th and 28th June 2013, Vietravel coordinated with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients, Ninh Hoa Hospital, and Cam Ranh Hospital to perform ocular surgery for 500 poor patients in Khanh Hoa province.
This was one of events of the Responsible Travel Year 2013 by Vietravel.
With a view to realizing the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) of the United Nations, towards the local community, a part from business target of obtaining turnover of VND 3,000 billion in 2013, since 2012 up to now, Vietravel has been a Main Sponsor, and stood side by side with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients in ocular surgery to light to the poor blinds nationwide.
Up to now, Vietravel has sponsored for 1,800 ocular surgery cases.
Particularly in 2013, Vietravel planned to sponsor for over 600 ocular surgery cases towards compatriots in the Central Region and the Southwestern Region of Vietnam.
On 27th and 28th June 2013, ocular surgery would be performed for about 500 poor patients in Khanh Hoa province at Ninh Hoa Hospital and Cam Ranh Hospital.
Present at the ceremony of eye bandage removal for poor patients were representatives of the provincial authorities, leaders from Vietravel and HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients.
Happiness on each face of poor patients is great encouragement for Vietravel leaders and staff to constantly work and contribute to the society because business mission is in close connection with responsibility to the community, society and makes contribution to protecting better and better living environment.
Vietravel is currently the number one tour operator in Vietnam and in the Top 16 leading tour operators in Asia.
Vietravel has 42 branches and offices nationwide and 5 representative offices, travel agencies in foreign countries such as the United States of America, Thailand, Cambodia.
Particularly in Khanh Hoa province, Vietravel has established the first scuba diving center in Vietnam (Vinadive) at No.
23D Biet Thu, Nha Trang City, and at Nha Trang city center, Vietravel has also opened its branch at No.100 Quang Trung street, Nha Trang City.
As planned, Vietravel will continue coordinating with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients, Thot Not Hospital (in Can Tho) to perform ocular surgery for 200 poor patients from the Southwestern provinces in Vietnam on July 9th 2013.
Some images of the ocular surgery program in Khanh Hoa province
Patients instructed for medical formalities by doctors before ocular surgery
Ocular and health examination of patient before ocular surgery
Doctors perform ocular surgery for patient
Vietravel representative removes eye bandage from patients
Doctors re-examine ocular status of patients after ocular surgery
VIETRAVEL BRANCH OPENED IN PHAN THIET
In order to constantly develop a system of branches and offices in key provinces and cities with advantages of tourism nationwide, Vietravel officially opened its 42nd branch in Phan Thiet city on March 26th 2013.
This has been the 3rd branch opened since the beginning of this year up to now, after its two transaction offices opened in Ba Ria and Tan Binh (HCMC).
With a view to quickly satisfying travel demands of clients in Phan Thiet city, Binh Thuan province and adjacent areas, Vietravel has determined Phan Thiet city as a key spot, which is either a spot of departure or spot of arrival by domestic and foreign visitors, and needs investing and expanding.
With such an important position, Vietravel Phan Thiet is making the best of advantages in terms of service quality, reasonable price, high frequency of departures to create its difference in the travel market and attract local clients.
Located at the city center, concretely at No.137 Tran Hung Dao street, Phu Thuy ward, Phan Thiet city, Binh Thuan province, Vietravel Phan Thiet fully offers services, inbound and outbound tours for local people, Groups and Corporations and international visitors.
It also satisfies quickly clients’ demands on air ticket booking, hotel reservation, means of transport, and gastronomy.
Phan Thiet is a coastal city with much potential and strong development of tourism, attracting a lot of domestic and foreign visitors.
Vietravel has soon determined and opened its branch here to better serve its domestic visitors from other regions in Vietram and foreign visitors in Phan Thiet as well as timely satisfy local demands on travel.
Vietravel representative and distinguished guest cut the inauguration band at the Vietravel Phan Thiet Opening Ceremony
It is known that Vietravel has had 42 branches and offices nationwide and 5 representative offices and travel agencies in Thailand, Cambodia, and the United States of America.
With the client-centered approach, Vietravel is a tour operator with the highest number of clients at present to travel markets such as Cambodia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, The United States of America, Europe, Dubai and South Africa.
With close partnership policy, Vietravel always offers competitive price and best services in the markets, and plays the leading position in terms of promotion and after-sales policies for clients, who will feel the difference in terms of Vietravel services, added interests from Vietravel member card, and attractive price reduction policies for use of services of Vietravel’s partners in different fields: fashion, health, shopping, entertainment, education…
In this summer, Vietravel is launching “Hello Summer 2013” promotion program titled as “Let’s get easy summer tour – win a stylish motorbike”, prize each week would be 01 Yamaha Nouvo GP motorbike and special prize at the end of the term would be 01 pair of Yamaha Nouvo GP motorbikes.
This program is held from May 20th to August 17th 2013.
Clients booking tours at Vietravel Phan Thiet will be allowed to join this promotion program with opportunity to win valuable prizes as well as receipt of attractive gifts.
Contact information:
PHAN THIET BRANCH
137 Tran Hung Dao street, Phu Thuy ward, Phan Thiet city, Binh Thuan province
Tel: (062) 3939 879 - 3939 889
Con Vanh- new destination in Thai Binh
Part of the Red River Biosphere Reserve which was recognized by UNESCO in 1994, Con Vanh Ecological Tourist Site is a famous destination.
Con Vanh a rich mangrove forest, a picturesque landscape, pristine beaches and natural tranquility.
The Con Vanh Ecological Tourist Site is located in Nam Phu commune.
Covering nearly 2,000 ha, it’s a relatively flat island, formed by the alluvial deposits built by the river over the years. In the past, people had to row a boat to reach Con Vanh because it is 7 km from the mainland.
Today, travelling there is easier thanks to a road connecting the island with the mainland giving visitors a more romantic way through mangroves and casuarinas forests.
Con Vanh is bordered by a sandy beach of 6 km.
Ta Hong Nhung is from Nghe An:“I was told that Con Vanh is a beautiful site.
When I came here, I found it superb.
The beach is clean.
The sand is not as white as that of other beaches but it is very smooth. It's nice to swim here”.
Ms. Vu Thu Hien is from Quang Ninh province: “Dong Chau, Con Den and Con Vanh are the three popular tourist site in Thai Binh.
Beaches here are beautiful, long and sandy.
The landscape is imposing. The air is pure and fresh. It’s very relaxing”.
Con Vanh has a rich ecosystem. Mangrove forests are inhabited by many rare birds. Brackish marshes are home to more than 200 marine species and 170 species of algae.
Tourists can sample various local specialties: shrimp, mussels, crabs and fish.
Local people are very hospitable.
Ta Thi May, a seller of seafood on the beach:"People here are very open and friendly.
That’s why tourists love to come back.
When the sea is calm, the water is clear.
Each place has its own beauty.
There are beaches good for swimming”.
In Con Vanh, there are no luxury hotels or restaurants, but clean air and unspoiled nature.
To Quoc Huong, Vice President of the Site Management Committee: "The Con Vanh beach stretches 6.8 km. It is beautiful and primitive.
As more and more tourists come, the site management committee has to focus on cleaning up the environment. We have also designated safe areas for swimming and created an emergency and rescue service to ensure the safety of tourists.
The site remains intact with its forests of mangroves and casuarinas.
We will focus on tourism promotion to make Con Vanh an attractive destination.”
To explore wilderness, enjoy fresh air and picturesque scenery, and meet hospitable people, visit Con Vanh before it becomes a tourist mecca!
Amateur singing in Kien Giang province
Kien Giang is an ideal place for those who want peaceful holidays.
It has beautiful islands and a primitive beauty.
Apart from the spectacular scenery and delicious cuisine, tourists should not miss the traditional amateur singing of Kien Giang.
Amateur singing is usually performed by local farmers who love folk music.
With the same lyrics and melody, each performer has his or her way of style.
Researchers said it is the open and free life style of the people by the rivers that is the basis of their improvisational singing.
Most of the local people are descendants of the reclaimers of the southern land, thus their songs contain sad melodies reflecting nostalgia for home and memories of their origins.
Nguyen Thi Thuy, a member of an amateur singing club in My Lam commune, said Kien Giang has 157 clubs with nearly 1,700 members.
Thuy said the club was set up to meet the spiritual life of local people: “The club operates once a month and attracts the participation of many local people. It helps preserve the traditional cultural values of this music style.
Amateur singing is typical of inhabitants of the villages along zigzagging rivers. It brings pleasure to them, helping them to relax after a hard day of work”.
In 2013, amateur singing was recognized by UNESCO as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity. This helps not only to preserve this art genre but also to encourage local amateur singing clubs to develop.
The 2016 amateur singing and reformed theatre festival held in Hon Dat district, Kien Giang province saw the participation of 5 troupes with more than 30 local performers.
The Nguyen Trung Truc festival, held on 26-28 August of the lunar calendar, welcome millions of visitors.
Amateur singing performances at the festivals are always highly appreciated by the audience.
La Van Tai, a member of an amateur singing club in Rach Gia city, said: “Our club operates very often.
It is a chance for the people to meet and exchange songs featuring social and cultural values”.
Amateur singing is a form of entertainment unique for the Mekong River delta.
Nguyen Thu Huong is a tourist from Hai Duong province: “Kien Giang province has many tourist attractions. Apart from its beautiful scenery, the amateur singing is the thing that interests tourists”.
Amateur singing has existed and developed along with the life of people in Kien Giang.
It is an indispensible part of the spiritual life of the people there.
Exploring Ha Tien township in Kien Giang province
Ha Tien is a small township in Kien Giang province. Its 22 km coastline borders the Gulf of Thailand.
Ha Tien boasts magnificent landscapes which attracts lots of tourists.
In the middle of the 17th century, Ha Tien was a deserted region.
But from the 18thcentury, it became a busy commercial port.
In 1714, Mac Kinh Cuu explored the land and offered it to the Nguyen Lord, who later named the land Ha Tien. At that time, Ha Tien covered the whole of Kien Giang province and some adjacent areas.
Local historian Truong Minh Dat said: “The word Ha Tien derives from Ha meaning river and Tien meaning fairy.
Ha Tien means a river where fairies come to bathe on the full-moon day”,
Ha Tien has become famous for several beauty spots including Dong Ho swamp, a place isolated from modern urban life.
The swamp is surrounded with a range of coconut trees.
Mui Nai village, 5 km from Ha Tien downtown is home to the most beautiful beach in Kien Giang province and attracts visitors because of the peaceful waves and beach that inspires visitors to cover themselves with sand to absorb its minerals into their skin.
Not far from Mui Nai are other beautiful spots such as Thach Dong Cave, Chong islet, and Hang pagoda.
About 5 km from Ha Tien, Thach Dong mountain is uniquely shaped. It is 90m above sea level and has a circumference of 45m.
Inside the mountain is Tien Son pagoda, which was built of wood in 1790.
From the mountain side, visitors shave a panoramic view of Ha Tien township.
With its beautiful, peaceful landscape and rich culture, Ha Tien is a special attraction in the southern region.
Dao Thi Nuong, a tourist, says she loves the fresh air and tranquility of Ha Tien: “Ha Tien is also a destination for pilgrims.
From Ha Tien, we can go straight to Phu Quoc and Cambodia.
These three regions can be incorporated to establish a tourist route of the sea and islands, different from that of other 9 Mekong Delta provinces”.
Ha Tien is a meeting place for generations of southerners.
Despite the influx of tourism, the lives of the locals remain undisturbed and the town retains its peacefulness.
Ms Nuong again: “Ha Tien is different from other tourist places.
It has the sea, mountains and estuaries which are the advantages for developing tourism”.
The number of tourists to Ha Tien has increased.
With its unspoiled nature, rich culture and hospitable people, Ha Tien is undoubtedly a popular tourist destination in southern Vietnam.
Kien Giang, a destination of National Tourism Year 2016
Kien Giang province in southwestern Vietnam is one of the best places to explore the Mekong River Delta.
Blessed by nature, Kien Giang is home to the beautiful scenery of Ha Tien and Phu Quoc island and historically famous spots like Chong islet, Chem islet, Phu Tu islet, Mui Nai beach, and U Minh forest.
Kien Giang province has greater tourist potential than most of the other Mekong Delta provinces.
It has become a popular destination for tourists who want to experience historical, cultural, ecological, and marine tourism.
This year, the province is hosting the National Tourism Year 2016 with the theme “Phu Quoc- Mekong River Delta- Exploring the Southern Land”.
Tourist activities scheduled throughout this year will to promote tourism potential, advantages and products of Kien Giang and nearby provinces.
Tran Chi Dung is Director of Kien Giang’s Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism: “This year, we want to attract more foreign tourists.
We’re creating more tours to boost local tourism”.
Kien Giang is one of Vietnam’s 28 coastal cities and provinces.
Its sea covers more than 63,000 square kilometers and its coast is about 200 km. The province has 143 islands, 43 of them inhabited.
These islands and their beautiful beaches represent a great potential for ecological and marine tourism.
Phu Quoc is a popular destination.
Iris Bijlisma is a tourist from the Netherlands: “This is really rare on Earth.
I think I have never seen such a beautiful place”.
Phu Quoc island has some primal forests with a rich system of fauna and flora.
The forests with their multiple streams and lakes provide fresh water for the residents.
The wild natural forests and romantic sea give Phu Quoc an impressive beauty.
Huynh Quang Hung, Deputy Chairman of the Phu Quoc People’s Committee, says there are many projects to upgrade Phu Quoc’s tourism infrastructure.
Once they are completed, Phu Quoc will be able to accommodate more tourists and host major national events.
Hung said: “We hope that the number of visitors to Phu Quoc will increase sharply this year because of the activities we have organized for National Tourism Year.
Many new luxury resorts open this year”.
Kien Giang province has many national historical relics and scenic spots including Hang pagoda, Nguyen Trung Truc Communal House in Rach Gia, the Mui Nai relic site, Thach Dong Cave and the Phu Quoc Church.
U Minh Thuong National Park in Kien Giang province was recognized this year as the 8th Ramsar Site in Vietnam and the 2,228th Ramsar Site in the world.
Da Lat- A city of flowers
Da Lat city in the central highlands province of Lam Dong is called with different names due to its romantic beauty such as “Little Paris”, “City of Pine Forests”, “Land of Mist”... Da Lat’s flowers, lakes and waterfalls attract tourists near and far.
In recent years, Da Lat has been known as the city of Flower Festival.
Since it was organized for the first time in 2005, the biennial festival has attracted a large number of tourists.
During the 5-day Da Lat Flower Festival held early this month, more than 500,000 tourists came to Da Lat.
Chairman of Da Lat Municipal People’s Committee Vo Ngoc Hiep said the Da Lat inspired visitors for its romantic beauty, charm and peace.
Hiep said in addition to promoting the beauty of Da Lat, the Flower Festival introduced the visitors to the city’s floriculture and other local specialties.
Hiep said:“The festival honors the work of horticulturists who perpetuate the iconic art of the city.
The festival created an opportunity to promote Da Lat tourism potential illustrated in flowers, tea, and coffee. Promoting tourism will boost the city’s economic growth”.
Nestled at 1,500 meters above sea level, Da Lat is quiet and pretty all year with mild climate and temperatures oscillating between 15 and 24 degrees. In Da Lat, the climate changes along the day enabling tourists to experience 4 seasons a day.
Da Lat embraces typical natural and cultural features of the Central Highlands.
Nguyen Van Huong, former Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Lam Dong province says Da Lat authorities and people hope to promote Da Lat as a City of Flower Festival: “By planting flowers and trees around the city and in every house, especially in tourist places, we want to create a unique beauty for the city.
We want to encourage everyone in the city to engage in planting trees and flowers in front of houses, offices and tourist places’
The Da Lat Flower Festival mobilized the participation of local authorities, enterprises, and the public.
Dang Bao Vinh is a florist in Thai Phien horticulture village: “There are three horticultural villages in Da Lat: Ha Dong, Van Thanh and Thai Phien.
Each of them has its own beauty.
Van Thanh village specializes in planting roses.
Thai Phien village grows varieties of chrysanthemums”.
In addition to its famous chrysanthemums, Thai Phien also offers eustomas and lilies. 320 out of 400 hectares of horticulture land are devoted to greenhouses.
Thai Phien is the largest horticulture village in Da Lat. Horticulturists have fully taken advantage of technological advances and installed lighting systems and latest generation of watering.
Visiting Van Thanh village, tourists are introduced to horticulture methods and flower harvest.
Feel free to visit the greenhouses and ask for exploring a wide variety of flowers.
There you can also experience a working day of a horticulturist.
Visiting Son La
Located 300 km northwest of Hanoi, Son La province has become a popular tourist destination in recent years because of its various ethnicities, festivals, historical relics and scenic spots.
Son La Museum, the Son La Hydro Power Plant, and hot springs in Mong villages, and peach blossoms, apricot and bauhinia flowers inspire tourists near and far.
There are more than 100 historical and cultural relics in Son La of which Son La prison and Son La museum are the most popular.
Classified as a national relic in 1962, Son La prison is perched atop Khau Ca hill.
Covering an area of 500 m2, Son La prison was built in 1908 by the French colonialists to imprison Vietnamese communists.
Known as hell on earth, its cells were built with solid stones and its high walls were covered with barbed wires and broken glass.
Despite the barbaric tortures, Vietnamese communist soldiers turned their cells hell into a place to communicate Vietnam’s resolution.
The prison has recently been renovated and become a tourist mecca in the northwestern region.
Son La Museum was also built in 1908 by the French.
There, distinctive cultures of 12 local ethnic minority groups in the province can be discovered through thousands of pre-history artifacts.
Collections of 1,000 books, documents, epics, and folk tales and songs of the Thai and Dao ethnicities are kept at the museum.
Nguyen Hai Duong is a guide at the museum: “Covering 14,000 square kilometers, Son La province has 12 ethnic communities, 55% of them are Thai minorities.
These are ancient books of the Thai in Son La who have valuable expertise in paper-making from bamboo fiber and other plants.
Their books are divided into three main categories: literature, history and belief”.
The Son La Hydro Power Plant is also an attractive destination in the city.
Surrounded by a verdant forest, Son La Reservoir impresses visitors with its incomparable beauty.
Hoang Lan, a tourist from Bac Giang province, shares her emotions: “This is the first time I visit the lake.
Nestled in the heart of magnificent nature, it is an ideal place to relax.
I would like to come back to discover more about local people’s life”.
Hidden in a mountain range, Mong village in Hua La commune, 6km from the center of Son La, is also a tourist destination.
Nguyen Hong Thang, a tour guide from Hanoi said:“In Mong village, tourists relax in hot springs and enjoy Thai cuisine. Water in hot springs here can be used as a medical therapy or a drink. After having a bathe, you can stay in guest houses and savor delicious Thai dishes”.
Seeing is believing. Go and explore the wide nature by yourself!
A day in Moc Chau
About 200 km from Hanoi, there is a paradise where you can enjoy fresh air and unspoiled vistas.
Join us on a tour of Moc Chau plateau today.
Waking up in a container bungalow in the middle of a green tea field surrounded by a panorama peaceful and green is a great experience, isn’t it?
Pham Thanh Tam had this experience recently at the ecotourism site of Moc Chau Village. She said: "I love the fresh morning air in Moc Chau. There is no pollution.
Stress and fatigue disappear immediately when you wake up in a completely quiet environment.
Breathe clean fresh air, walk between tea bushes, pick buds and taste a cup of tea you prepared yourself. What is better?”
Leaving the tea hills, you arrive in the village of Ang in Dong Sang commune, Moc Chau district, where pine trees are mirrored in lakes covering about 5 hectares.
It’s a paradise for anybody looking for serenity and some beautiful photo opts.
Ang village also attracts visitors who want to explore the unique architecture of houses on stilts, traditional customs and the delicious local cuisine.
Vu Mai Khanh is with the Khanh Sinh travel agency: "Our tours promote ecotourism and cultural tourism. We offer tours of relaxation and discovery of local life.
These programs allow you to better understand the customs of ethnic minorities living in Moc Chau, the Thai, Mong and others and participate in their songs and dances, including the pole dance, a cultural specialty of the Thai”.
In the afternoon, you can walk along a path past mustard flower meadows to visit the Moc Chau farm.
Feel free to feed the cows and try your hand at milking. Moc Chau milk is one of the local specialties.
Phung Luu Ly is Head of the Culture Division of Moc Chau District: "There are many agricultural products in Moc Chau that tourists can buy as gifts.
They are dairy products, green tea, organic fruits and vegetables and you will not be disappointed with their quality.
Plums are the iconic fruit of Moc Chau and you will find in the market plum jam, plum wine, and plum syrup. Plum pickings are organized by tour operators during the harvest”.
At nightfall, Moc Chau is covered with a fine mist canvas.
It's time to join the dances and songs of ethnic minorities.
When you leave this wonderland, be sure to bring back some of the local products. They are sure to delight your pals.
Peaceful Tha village
Quiet, authentic, picturesque – Tha village is well known among tourists for its charm and peaceful beauty. Located just 2km from Ha Giang, Tha village stands out for its stilt houses, green bamboo groves and lush rice fields.
Tha village offers a gentle beauty far from the urban hubbub. The murmur of limpid streams and a flirting wind in the palms welcome you at the village entrance.
Then you enter a mysteriously region submerged all year round in a mist, a lush forest floor, where centuries-old values are still present.
Here you will come across no trace of modernity, no multi-storey buildings, and no vehicles.
Nguyen Van Nhuong lives in the village: "I prefer the wooden houses on stilts to concrete housing.
Building a house on stilts costs about 300 million VND but it's worth it because it is very comfortable and airy throughout the year.
Here in the village you can take an actual breath of fresh air and enjoy the warm hospitality of the people.
The Tay people are very warm and welcoming.
If a stranger invites you to drink a cup of tea or offers her prettiest smile, do not be surprised.
Tay people still weave brocade products like bags, scarves, skirts, and pants. For a closer experience of Tay life, spend a night with the locals.
In addition to a taste of their corn alcohol, you will have the chance to savor their many culinary specialties: fish with fermented bamboo shoots, chicken salad, grilled pork with bamboo and wild vegetables.
The Tay cook very well.
Mai Thi Chung lives in Tha village: “Tourists are impressed by our hospitality and the customs we fiercely preserve over time.
We grill meat on the pan - our best dishes served at Tay parties.
These dishes are prepared using lots of special spices, such as cardamom, basil, pepper, and shrimp paste”.
After dinner, tourists can experience Then singing, the intangible heritage all generations of Tay perpetuate.
A singer improvises lyrics of his song while playing a kind of guitar called a Tinh other while artists perform graceful dances. Everything is in harmony like a painting of life in paradise.
Hue- a romantic city
From 1558 to 1945, Hue was the imperial capital city of 9 Nguyen Lords, the Tay Son regime and 13 Nguyen dynasties.
During those 4 centuries, Hue became an extensive complex of unique architectural and cultural relics.
In 1993, the Hue imperial complex was recognized by UNESCO as a World Cultural Heritage Site. The city has become a mecca of Vietnamese tourism.
On the northern bank of the Huong river in the middle of the city, the magnificent imperial citadel emerges, exhibiting the power of the Nguyen dynasty.
The citadel’s royal palaces, monuments and beautiful landscaping retain their imperial solemnity.
The Hue imperial city comprises the Imperial Citadel and the Purple Forbidden City which are surrounded by wide moats.
Several buildings were the headquarters of the monarchy and shrines dedicated to kings.
The Forbidden Purple City was reserved exclusively for the royal family and concubines. Only eunuchs could enter. The Imperial Citadel’s design was inspired by Oriental philosophy and Vietnamese tradition. All the structures were built around a main axis. The citadel has four main gates, the south door (Ngo Mon) was exclusively reserved for the emperor.
When you're in Hue, you should also visit the majestic tombs of the Nguyen Kings that lie west of the Imperial Citadel.
Located on hills, along the Perfume River, these tombs are typical of Vietnamese architecture, but each reflects the personality and taste of the Emperor.
A large part of Hue’s attractiveness is owed to its beautiful Perfume River and Ngu Binh mountain.
Nguyen Xuan Hoa is a Hue resident: “The Perfume River is a natural wonder of Hue city.
It has rare a romantic beauty.
Its green waters meander across the plains, through forests and villages like a silk band before entering the Tam Giang Lagoon".
Touring the Perfume River by boat is a wonderful experience. You will enjoy the beautiful sights of the city while listening to royal court music and local folk songs.
Truong Tien Bridge over the Perfume River is another iconic landmark of Hue. Built between 1897 and 1899, it was one of the first bridges built by the French in Indochina.
This beautiful bridge and the Perfume River have been a great source of inspiration for poets and songwriters.
Phan Thuan An has researched Hue culture for several years: "For Hue people, Truong Tien Bridge is the primary architectural site of the city and the most beautiful one.
The bridge is strongly imprinted in Hue people’s hearts”.
Today, the Hue imperial city is also known as a festival city because of its biennial festival which attracts top Vietnamese and foreign performing artists.
Authentic architecture, romantic landscapes, and delicate gastronomy make Hue city worth a visit!
Bai Dinh pagoda- a tourist destination
Located in Ninh Binh province, 95 km south of Hanoi, Bai Dinh pagoda has become a popular tourist destination in recent years.
The pagoda complex holds several Vietnamese records.
The ancient Bai Dinh pagoda sits 187m above sea level on top of Dinh Mountain.
Dating back over a thousand years, it is oriented towards the west and flanked by two caves. The pagoda nestles into one cave, which is not uncommon among old pagodas in Vietnam. To get to the pagoda, you have to climb 300 steps.
Do Ngoc Anh is a tour guide: "There’s a cave called Enlightened Cave. King Le Thanh Tong engraved ideograms there praising the beauty of the site.
The ceiling of the cave forms the solid roof of the pagoda which is dedicated to the Buddha and the Mother Goddess.
The altar in the cave is decorated with traditional Buddha statues”.
At the bottom of Enlightened Cave is a large exit which offers a great view of a distant green valley.
About 1 km from Bai Dinh pagoda is the complex of a new pagoda.
The new pagoda sits on Ba Dau hillside, overlooking Dam lake and the Hoang Long River.
500 Arhat statues flank the two paths that lead from the main gate to the shrine.
These paths which are about 1,700m long symbolize the Arhats’ path to Buddhism.
They are the longest Arhat paths in Asia.
Do Ngoc Anh: "The statues of Arhats were carved from blue stone by the artisans of Ninh Binh province.
Each statue is between 2 and 2.5 meters tall and weighs 2 to 2.5 ton.
They are placed on both sides of the path to guide the common people to the light of Buddhism.
The statues have different forms and different expressions reflecting all human moods: joy, anger, satisfaction, frustration.
At the foot of each statue is the name of the Arhat”.
The new Bai Dinh pagoda is a giant complex that extends from the main entrance to the sanctuary of Shakyamuni Buddha, the bell tower and the shrine to Kwan Yi, Buddhism’s Lady of Mercy.
The bell tower is built on three levels.
Octagonal in shape, it houses a 36-ton bronze bell which is the largest in Vietnam.
Just below the bell is a 70-ton bronze drum.
Local people believe that where they can still hear the sound of the bell, they are under the blessing of the Buddha.
The bronze statues of Kwan Yi and Shakyamuni Buddha are also the biggest ones in Vietnam.
The sanctuary of the past, present and future Buddha houses three huge statues of the three temporal forms of the Buddha.
Vu Anh Quan, a tourist from Dalat, is impressed by their size: “I had already seen those statues on TV and I knew they were enormous.
But the reality is far more spectacular.
These statues are gold showing their majestic and splendid side.
I am not surprised to learn that they hold the record for Vietnam’s largest statues of the Buddha, past, present, and future”.
The 6th day of the first lunar month is the main day of the pilgrimage feast of Bai Dinh pagoda. Tens of thousands of pilgrims flock to the pagoda to pay homage to the Buddha and visit this great site.
Lai Ngoc Nga is a pilgrim: "I make a pilgrimage to Bai Dinh pagoda every year.
This is a sacred place and we do not feel tired even after walking for many kilometers.
I always pray for health and luck for my family”.
Bai Dinh is a major attraction of Ninh Binh province, along with the Hoa Lu ancient capital, the Tam Coc-Bich Dong caves and Cuc Phuong National Park.
Tam Coc-Bich Dong’s charming scenery
Located 120 km from Hanoi, Tam Coc-Bich Dong is part of the Hoa Lu limestone mountain range.
For hundreds of years, the place has preserved the primitive beauty that has attracted countless visitors.
The Tam Coc complex includes Tam Coc and Bich Dong, which are situated in Van Lam village, Hoa Lu district, Ninh Binh province.
Recognized as a special national heritage, Tam Coc is often called ‘Ha Long Bay on the land’ for its system of limestone grottoes and historical relics from the Tran dynasty in the 13th and 14thcentury.
To reach Tam Coc, you must board a small boat at the wharf and get rowed up the sinuous Ngo Dong River past Xuyen Thuy cave and pockets of rice fields.
Do Thi Nu, a local boat pilot, talked to us about Tam Coc’s history: “In Chinese, ‘Tam’ means three and ‘Coc’ means cave, so ‘Tam Coc’ means three caves. In Vietnamese, it is called ‘Ba hang’.
Hang Ca is the first cave, ‘hang Hai’ is the second cave, and ‘hang Ba’ is the third cave.
It takes 2 hours to visit all three caves.”
Tam Coc is charmingly beautiful in any season.
In spring, bright green rice fields spread along the river banks, turning into silky yellow beds in the fourth lunar month.
In the summer while traveling on the Ngo Dong River, visitors will enjoy an enticing lotus fragrance while listening to the locals recounting legends about each cliff or mountain in the shape of a tortoise or dragon head.
There are particularly interesting rock formations, and schools of fish swimming in crystal clear water, but undoubtedly the most impressive features of Tam Coc are the caves, according to tour guide Nguyen Xuan Nguyen: “Hang Ca is the first cave and the largest of the 3. It is 127 meters long and its mouth is 20 meters wide.
Many stalactites hang down from the ceiling, some of which look like clouds and some of which drip water all day and are compared to a mother’s breast.
The cave looks very dark from the outside, but the further you go into it, the brighter it is.”
The beauty of Tam Coc is the beauty of the 3 caves with the Ngo Dong River running through them.
The second cave, Hang Giua, which is about 10 minutes from the first cave, has a length of 60 meters and a multitude of flat, horizontal stalactites.
The third and final cave, Hang Cuoi, is the smallest. It is about 50 meters in length and is only 100 meters from the second cave.
Its geology suggests this place was under the sea millions of years ago.
The land emerged gradually over centuries and waves eroded the limestone mountains to form grottoes.
After the 2-hour excursion returns you to Tam Coc wharf and go an additional 2 km to Bich Dong, considered the second most beautiful cave in Vietnam.
The Bich Dong area consists of a cave and a pagoda built on a limestone hill in 1428 under King Le Thai To.
Ms.Nguyen again: “Bich Dong pagoda is composed of 3 structures: Ha Pagoda (lower pagoda), Trung Pagoda (Middle pagoda), and Thuong Pagoda (upper pagoda).
In 1740, King Le Canh Hung named the pagoda ‘Bach ngoc thach son dong’ which means pagoda made of beautiful stones like a sapphire in a remote place.
‘Bich Dong’ means “green grotto”, a name given by Nguyen Nghiem, the father of the great poet Nguyen Du, in 1773.”
After praying to Buddha in Bich Dong Pagoda, visitors climb 21 stone steps to Toi cave (Dark cave) whose stalactites are shaped like fairies, errand-boys, hovering dragons, swimming tortoises, elephants, and tigers.
40 more steps take you to go to the Upper Pagoda, from where you can enjoy the best views of Bich Dong.
The view has strongly impressed foreigners like Monttie Binotto from Switzerland.
“This is my first time visiting this place, which is known for its cultural and historical tradition.
Tam Coc-Bich Dong is favored by nature with friendly people and charming landscapes.
I want to stay here for two or three days to fully explore it.
I’m impressed by the smiles of boat drivers who can row the boats with their legs.
I don’t think I can see these things anywhere else.”
Hanoi gates
Hanoi once had five gates which strongly embodied its historical developments. The beauty of these gates features in several songs about Hanoi.
According to historical records, there was a wall with gates surrounding the Thang Long citadel.
The gates were square and were under strict surveillance. They were open during the day and closed at night.
In King Le Hien Tong’s reign in the 18thcentury, there were 16 square gates, but by the early 20th century, there were only 5 gates: Cau Giay, Cau Den, Cho Dua, Dong Mac and Quan Chuong.
Some gates were pulled down because of war damage, but their names lived on as the names of districts or streets: Cau Giay district, O Dong Mac ward, O Cau Den ward and O Cho Dua ward. Today, only the Quan Chuong gate survives as a proper "square gate”.
Quan Chuong gate on Hang Chieu street, Hoan Kiem district, was part of the wall east of the ancient Thang Long citadel.
Covered with moss, the gate and part of the wall have survived the ravages of time.
On the gate there is a sign that says " Dong Ha gate” but local people prefer to call it "Quan Chuong Gate." Historian Duong Trung Quoc told VOV: "Quan Chuong is the only entrance to the city that retains its original architecture. There is a stele dating back to the Nguyen Dynasty in 19th century, which states that surveillance should be strict without disturbing the life of the people.
Why was the gate named Quan Chuong? It might be the name of a chief guard, who was so loved by the locals that they gave histitle to the entrance gate he guarded”.
Other historical sources say people called the gate Quan Chuong which means chief guard, to honor the Chief guard who led a hundred soldiers in a brave fight against the French in 1873, when they attacked Hanoi for the first time through this gate.
Quan Chuong gate exhibits a typical architecture of the Nguyen Dynasty.
It consists of two levels, the lower level has three arched doorways and the upper level is covered by 4 roofs decorated with a motif of hexagonal or quadrilateral asterisks.
The guards were stationed on the upper level.
Today, Quan Chuong gate exists as a page of history at the heart of Hanoi.
Truong Van Khanh lives near Quan Chuong gate: "We are proud to live in the neighborhood of Quan Chuong gate which has existed for centuries.
We hope it will be restored and preserved. It is a witness of Vietnamese culture and tradition of struggle”.
Quan Chuong gate was restored in 1804 and again in 1817, during the reign of King Gia Long.
In 1994, it was officially recognized as a historic relic site. In 2010, it was restored once again.
For Hanoians, Quan Chuong gate is not just a relic of the ancient Thang Long capital but a proud symbol of the modern capital city.
Visiting Yen Tu pagoda
The Yen Tu historical site stretches 20 km along Phuong Dong and Yen Cong communes in Uong Bi town of Quang Ninh province.
Nestled in the magnificent landscape, Yen Tu mountain is famous for the Bronze pagoda, which sits 1,068 m above sea level.
This tourist complex comprises pagodas, temples, towers and perennial forest.
In spring and summer many pilgrims go to Yen Tu to pay homage to Buddha.
Yen Tu, nestled in the middle of ancient pine trees is a special place, enjoying a deep stillness that allows visitors to forget about their daily cares.
Yen Tu is where several Venerable monks of the Ly and Tran dynasties including Hien Quang, Dao Van and the Most Venerable Tran Nhan Tong and Tran Thanh Tong, practiced Buddhism.
After ceding his throne to his son, King Tran Nhan Tong (1258-1308) retired to lead a religious life as a hermit. He founded the Truc Lam Zen sect and this place became the largest Vietnamese center of Buddhism.
The Most Venerable Thich Tue Phuc, Deputy Manager of the Truc Lam Yen Tu pagoda, says: “Yen Tu pagoda is closely associated with Truc Lam Zen.
In the 14th century, King Tran Nhan Tong, 3rd King of the Tran Dynasty, gave the throne to his son Anh Tong. 6 years later, at the age of 41, Tong moved to Yen Tu, where he founded the current Truc Lam Zen sect, a Buddhist sect that is purely Vietnamese”.
The Venerable Thich Tue Phuc says that in the summer, Yen Tu attracts not only pilgrims but also students who want to learn Buddhism:“Zen Buddhism is a branch whose main practice is meditation. During their summer vacation, students are sent here to discover Buddhism, while perfecting their morality to become good citizens”.
Formerly, to reach the summit, there was no choice but to climb the stairs and steep paths for two hours, which requires a good deal of motivation. Today, pilgrims can take a cable car up to the pagoda in less than an hour.
Le Trong Thanh, Deputy Director of the Tung Lam Cable Car Company, says: “On the weekend, the number of visitors increases sharply.
Our company tries to ensure the best services for visitors, guiding them to pagodas and temples”.
Many tourists prefer to walk up the mountain to enjoy the surrounding landscape.
From the Giai Oan (Clearing Unjust Charges) pagoda, pilgrims follow the stream to get to Yen Tu mountain.
The long road is dotted with places of worship like Hoa Hien Pagoda, Ngoa Van temple, Mot Mai (One Roof) pagoda, Bao Sai pagoda, and Vân Tien pagoda. Bach Hop, a pilgrim, says: “When we reached the Bronze pagoda, it was 5 o’clock in the morning. It was dark but we felt good.
Yen Tu is beautiful, clean, tranquil and peaceful”.
Ha Long Bay Cruises
The beauty of Ha Long Bay, which has been twice recognized by UNESCO as a world natural heritage site, always changes over the time.
Visiting Ha Long Bay at any time of the year, visitors are always amazed with its attraction.
Today’s Discovery Vietnam takes you on a tour of the Bay on the Golden Lotus cruise.
On board the Golden Lotus cruise are tourists from the US, Australia, Spain, Sweden and Vietnam. Leaving from Bai Chay port, the cruise takes them around the bay.
The beauty of the natural setting in the Bay blends with the blue sky and the cool breeze from the sea comforting its visitors.
Nguyen The Huu, a guide of the Khanh Sinh International Tourism Company, says: “During the one-day tour, tourists visit the Thien Cung (Heaven) and Dau Go (Wood Hidden) grottoes and then go to Ba Hang (Three Caves) fishing village for kayaking.
Then the tourists visit the Cho Da, Dinh Huong and Ga Choi islets and dock at Ha Long.
On the two-day tour, tourists have more time for sightseeing and to relax on the cruise.
The tour programs are diverse to give our tourists choices.
Our company focuses on service quality and the safety of customers.
We always try to refresh our tours and develop new services for our customers”.
Visiting Ha Long Bay by cruise, tourists can enjoy the complete view of the unique natural setting.
Sitting on the boat, enjoying a cool juice and gazing around at the scenery, with the thousands of islets of different sizes and shapes is the perfect choice.
John, a tourist from Australia, was visiting Ha Long for the first time. He said that the natural setting was unbelievable and that it was much more enjoyable to relax it on a cruise.
John said: "It's all inspiring, tranquil, eagles above, fish below, beautiful scenery, and incredible.
The caves are beautiful.
I thought they were little caves but they were real caves. They are amazing".
The most interesting and exciting moment is when the cruise docks at the fishing village and the tourists are free to go kayaking.
With assistance from the guide, all of us, even those who can’t swim, can find kayaking easy and interesting.
Each kayak accommodates 2 tourists.
Once they are in control of oars, they all are excited by kayaking.
John and his friend Tania are very happy with the whole experience. John says: "We can stay here forever, go around and around.
I really love the fishing village and the water as well as the nature and the human habitats.
While we're in the water, I want to stay here longer because it's actually great, a great experience.
I've never done that before.
It's so easy to get around, I was scared at first, but once I was in there, got the feeling, I could get around, up to the mountains. Look right up, you see the cliffs right above you.
It was beautiful.
I'd love to do that again."
In the afternoon, tourists had another unique experience.
They were taught how to make spring rolls, a traditional Vietnamese dish.
Mixing together all the ingredients: pork, vermicelli, wood ears, carrot, seasoning, eggs and wrapping in the rice papers is an exciting experience for many tourists.
Efarault, a French tourist, says: "If I can come to Vietnam to make some cooking. It's a good idea.
It is fun for everybody to meet around the table, try to prepare the dinner well.
It's fun. We meet people, share with people and have a nice dinner together. It's a good idea to do that".
When the night falls, the sea glitters with the light from all the boats making Ha Long Bay even more miraculous and beautiful.
Con Son - Kiep Bac: Museum of Vietnamese belief and culture
Con Son-Kiep Bac relic site in Hai Duong province has several historical and cultural relics reflecting Buddhism and Confucianism and national heroes of Vietnam.
Located 80 km from Hanoi, the complex is a destination to explore Vietnam’s history, culture, and religion.
Con Son pagoda was built in the 10th century and was expanded in the 13th century during the Tran dynasty.
In 1329, Venerable Monk Phap Loan, second founder of Lam Zen Sect upgraded the pagoda. His successor, Huyen Quang expanded the pagoda, taught Buddhism, printed Buddhist sutras, cast Buddha statues and developed Con Son into one of the three principal centers of Buddhist Truc Lam Zen. Le Duy Manh is Deputy Head of the Con Son - Kiep Bac Relic Management Committee: "Con Son, Yen Tu and Quynh Lam are the three centers of the Truc Lam Zen sect.
Con Son pagoda was chaired by the three founders of the sect. Venerable Monk Huyen Quang stayed in Con Son pagoda all his life.
Con Pagoda embodies the royal architectural style distinguished by a half-moon lake and a three-door temple gate in the front.
Hai Tac (Pirate) archipelago- a new tourist destination
Hai Tac, literally translated as “Pirate” archipelago, 30 km from Ha Tien township, is a new tourist attraction in Kien Giang province.
The pristine natural landscapes of this place are amazingly beautiful.
In recent years, Ha Tien authorities have invested in Hai Tac archipelago to make it an even more attractive.
Hai Tac archipelago comprises 16 islands. Tre Lon islet sits at the center of the archipelago. The locals subsist on fishing and aquaculture.
70 households are engaged in cage fishing.
The sea here between Ha Tien-Rach Gia Bay and Thailand Bay is calm and unpolluted making it favorable for both aquaculture and tourism.
Hong Xuan Than says local people are friendly and hospitable: “We always welcome visitors and show them our work. Tourism has generated income for us”.
The place intrigues tourists with its “Pirate” name, its white sand beaches, and its turquoise water.
Nguyen Thanh Sang is a tourist from An Giang: "My friends told me about this unspoiled archipelago.Its name inspires me to go and explore it.It’s a raw gem.I slept in a rudimentary hut by the sea and was delighted”.
The island attracted 30,000 visitors in 2015 earning nearly 400,000 USD.
Mr.Phuoc says: “Tien Hai commune has great tourism potential. With enough investments like Vinpearl’s, local tourism will grow dramatically”.
This year, a number of big projects to upgrade local infrastructure will be undertaken: a communal administrative center, markets, a concentrated residential area, wharves, an ecological tourism site, and a waste treatment plant. The commune is expected to be on the national power grid by 2017. Efforts like those could make Hai Tac archipelago a new hot spot.
Da Lat night market
When the sun goes down, Da Lat city in Lam Dong province is lit up by the bright lights of shops, restaurants and hotels. In the cool night air, you should dress warmly to wander around the small streets visiting the night market and exploring Da Lat's culture and street life.
Ha Diem My is visiting Da Lat with her family: “I like the night market in Da Lat because I find it uniquely represents the city. Here I can buy local products as souvenirs like woolen products and vegetables like cabbages, carrots, and potatoes which are cheap and fresh”.
Pham Bich Duy from Ho Chi Minh City says:
“This is the 4th time I have visited the market. Every time I come here, I feel inspired.
I have bought clothes, hats, wool products, socks, and key holders.
I've also bought local specialties like dried fruits and fruit juice”.
Though it is in the highlands, Da Lat is famous for its seafood.
Seafood dishes in Da lat are varied affordable, and delicious.
Nguyen Duc Tinh from Vinh Phuc province says:
 “Da Lat's night market offers a wide range of hot pots which are very well seasoned and accompanied by fresh vegetables.
The temperature in Da Lat is moderate, the barbeque dishes are very tasty and the local wines are very special and varied”
Tourists like the market because the items on sale are affordable and the traders are hospitable.
Local authorities have created favorable conditions for traders to do their business.
Le Thi Hong Nhung owns a shop by the market in Nguyen Thi Minh Khai street:
“Local authorities always support and encourage local traders to diversify and improve the quality of their products.
I sell local specialties including fruits, vegetables, dried fruits, tea, coffee, and artichokes. They are all locally made.
Visiting Cu Lan village, Lam Dong province
Cu Lan is a peaceful village of the K’Ho ethnicity in Lam Dong province. Tiny stilt houses, pure air, and warmhearted people attract tourists to the village.
Cu Lan village is named after a local plant species that flourishes between the rows of pine trees. Cu Lan is also the Vietnamese word for a sloth that lives near the village.
Cu Lan village is nestled in a forest at the foot of Lang Biang mountain in Lac Duong district, 20km from Dalat.
Here, the K'ho, one of the 54 ethnic groups of Vietnam, live in stilt houses that lean against the steep slope.
Impressed by the region, Van Tuan Anh wrote a song about the village which established it as an ecotourism village.
Doan Truong Son is a tour guide with the Viettravel Company:
“Each of us has our own impression of the name of the village.
For me, the name of the village expresses its pure beauty.
This village demonstrates the harmony between man and nature.
It’s a destination for anyone who wants to escape the dust and noise of the city”.
Some visitors like to walk along the small paths connecting the small thatched-roof houses.
Others prefer to venture over rush bamboo bridges to meadows of purple, violet, and yellow daylilies.
Others choose to take a jeep to explore the hillside roads.
Trinh Thi Ngot from Ho Chi Minh City says:
“Driving a jeep here is really sensational.
The slopes are incredibly dangerous and before today I had never tried.
It's really impressive”.
Cu Lan village offers numerous activities: kite flying, hiking, boat rowing, fishing, picnicking, folk games and gong performances.
There's even an art gallery.
Minh Lân from Radio and Television of Lam Dong says:
“After travelling particularly winding roads, we arrive in this romantic village. Don’t miss the small open-air market in Duoc hamlet or the exhibits of Vietnamese and foreign artists”.
The village’s rows of houses on wooden stilts are reflected by a large lake as if in a a mirror. On holidays, boat races are held. At night, glowing lanterns give the village an air of mystery.
Songwriter Van Tuan Anh says:
"Tourists are increasingly demanding.
They want to discover a vibrant culture.
Cu Lan village has preserved its identity. Tourists really enjoy visiting small houses with domestic animals and vegetable gardens around the house. When night falls, we gather around the fire and dance to the rhythm of gongs.
No one forgets a visit to Cu Lan, one of the most fascinating villages in the Central Highlands.
Tours of high-tech agriculture in Da Lat
Da Lat inspires tourists for with its picturesque landscapes, cool climate, unique architecture and especially its beautiful flowers.
Flower gardens that use high-tech cultivation methods often surprise visitors.
In recent years Da Lat gardeners have used automation, information technology, new material technology, bio-technology, and high-tech varieties to grow flowers. In a short time, a model of high-tech agricultural production has proliferated, boosting local revenues. Local households and enterprises now combine agricultural production with tourism.
Nguyen Thi Nguyen is Director of Lam Dong Provincial Department of Culture, Sports, and Tourism:
“Lam Dong province has invested in high-tech agricultural production.
Tourism and high-tech agriculture are our strengths.
We want to boost high-tech agriculture to generate higher incomes for local farmers and create new tourist attraction in the province”.
The flower villages of Ha Dong, Thai Phien and Van Thanh are the most popular tourist destinations. Here tourists can observe farmers planting and harvesting their flowers.
Nguyen Van Dan owns a 3000-square-meter flower garden in Ha Dong village where he grows chrysanthemums and carnations.
Dan said: “Previously, we just sold flowers.
Since we started welcoming tourists to our garden in 2012, our flowers have become better known in the market.
In the beginning, it was difficult for us to communicate with tourists but gradually we learned how to talk about our flowers and demonstrate how we grow them”.
Agricultural tourism has drawn many tourists to Da Lat.
Tourists can visit 400 ha of strawberry gardens, taste sweet strawberries and buy some as gifts for their friends.
Nguyen Thanh Sang is a tourist from Bac Lieu province:
“Da Lat’s tourist attractions are diverse and interesting.
I visited the Biofresh company and its strawberry garden.
It was a very interesting experience”.
Da Lat welcomed more than 3 million visitors in 2010 and 5.1 million last year. The number of visitors to Da Lat increases 10 to 12% annually.
Visiting Son La
Located 300 km northwest of Hanoi, Son La province has become a popular tourist destination in recent years because of its various ethnicities, festivals, historical relics and scenic spots.
Son La Museum, the Son La Hydro Power Plant, and hot springs in Mong villages, and peach blossoms, apricot and bauhinia flowers inspire tourists near and far.
There are more than 100 historical and cultural relics in Son La of which Son La prison and Son La museum are the most popular.
Classified as a national relic in 1962, Son La prison is perched atop Khau Ca hill.
Covering an area of 500 m2, Son La prison was built in 1908 by the French colonialists to imprison Vietnamese communists.
Known as hell on earth, its cells were built with solid stones and its high walls were covered with barbed wires and broken glass.
Despite the barbaric tortures, Vietnamese communist soldiers turned their cells hell into a place to communicate Vietnam’s resolution.
The prison has recently been renovated and become a tourist mecca in the northwestern region.
Son La Museum was also built in 1908 by the French.
There, distinctive cultures of 12 local ethnic minority groups in the province can be discovered through thousands of pre-history artifacts.
Collections of 1,000 books, documents, epics, and folk tales and songs of the Thai and Dao ethnicities are kept at the museum.
Nguyen Hai Duong is a guide at the museum:
“Covering 14,000 square kilometers, Son La province has 12 ethnic communities, 55% of them are Thai minorities. These are ancient books of the Thai in Son La who have valuable expertise in paper-making from bamboo fiber and other plants. Their books are divided into three main categories: literature, history and belief”.
Hoang Lan, a tourist from Bac Giang province, shares her emotions:
“This is the first time I visit the lake.
Nestled in the heart of magnificent nature, it is an ideal place to relax.
I would like to come back to discover more about local people’s life”.
Hidden in a mountain range, Mong village in Hua La commune, 6km from the center of Son La, is also a tourist destination.
Nguyen Hong Thang, a tour guide from Hanoi said:,
“In Mong village, tourists relax in hot springs and enjoy Thai cuisine.
Water in hot springs here can be used as a medical therapy or a drink.
After having a bathe, you can stay in guest houses and savor delicious Thai dishes”.
Unique architecture of Dong Van
The charm of Ha Giang is not limited to its beautiful fields of buckwheat flowers, its breathtaking roads, and authentic ethnic markets.
Ha Giang province is also home to amazing architectural treasures.
After following the highway 4C for about 160 km from the center of Ha Giang, you will arrive at Dong Van township where you should not miss a tour of the old town.
Perched at 1,600 meters, Dong Van township was home to Tay, Hoa, and Mong ethnicities in the early 20th century.
In 1920, the old township was renovated by the French, who brought new construction materials and Western architecture. Laterite houses with stone columns and decorated with red lanterns blend harmoniously with traditional clay buildings.
Most of these houses belong to the Luong Huy family. Luong Huy Ngo of the Tay ethnic group says these houses are still in good condition: "The houses of this type are very comfortable.
It is cool in summer and warm in winter.
The wall thickness can be up to 85 cm. The wall part near the door is thinner, 65 cm.
To build such a house, it takes about one month with the help of six people divided into two teams. One team is responsible for carpentry and the other for masonry. The first team erects the wooden columns. Today, it is impossible to use only heartwood as in the past, so newer columns are less resistant. The second team prepares a kind of mixing clay”.
Located a hundred kilometers from the old quarter, the residence of Vuong, formerly named "Mong King Castle" is a major attraction in the region.
The residence, which covers nearly 1,200 square meters, is surrounded by majestic mountains.
It was designed by Vuong Chinh Duc, from a wealthy and powerful Mong family, who controlled the whole Dong Van region. Vuong Thi Cho is a fourth-generation descendant:
"The wages paid to architects and workmen to build the house were equivalent to 150 billion VND.
The materials were all from Dong Van.
You see, these two stone columns symbolize the poppy fruits.
The workers rubbed the stone columns with silver to give them a silver color.
Each column is worth about 900 million VND".
Besides the main building, the residence includes several houses for guests, as well as living rooms, a heating room, and an indoor stone pool for bathing baths in goat milk.
The owner constructed his residence as a fortress with tall fortified stone walls.
The three rooms of the main building are surmounted by stone blockhouses.
At the back, there is a large stone basin to collect rain water.
Ms.Cho says:
"Since Dong Van Karst Park was recognized by UNESCO, more tourists visit the residence. Each month, we welcome about 3,000 visitors and on public holidays, about 1,000 tourists a day.
From September, there are more foreigners arriving”
The original appearance of the Vuong residence and the old town of Dong Van district has resisted the ravages of time.
Ha Giang is appealing with beautiful buckwheat flowers
In late October, photo enthusiasts flock to Ha Giang province where the hills boast a beautiful white gown tinged with pink - the emblematic color of buckwheat flowers.
The history of buckwheat flowers is as old as the generations of the Mong ethnic minority group in Ha Giang.
It is said that in ancient times, a famine devastated villages. Since the land was barren, local people went in search of food. One day, an extraordinary fragrance appealed to the peasants. Among the rocks, they discovered small white pink flowers whose nuts tasted as subtle as rice and corn.
Since then, the Mong have used the buckwheat flowers’ nuts as staples like maize and rice.
Local people also make buckwheat cakes and wine.
Buckwheat flowers bloom from October to November.
Visitors will see rocky plateau decorated with buckwheat forests that extend over the Quan Ba ​​Dong Van, Yen Minh and Meo Vac mountain districts. The pure beauty of the flower dazzles nature lovers.
Mai Huong is a tourist from Hanoi:
“I’m very impressed with the landscapes of Ha Giang and its people.
They live here, in difficult conditions, trapped in the mountains and barren lands.
Here, even though the conditions are arduous, beauty is everywhere.
The meadows covered with buckwheat flowers are beautiful.
Everyone is impressed by this wonderful landscape”.
Yet this incredible beauty has completely fallen into oblivion.
It was not until social networks began to show off this beautiful landscape to tourists.
There are indeed photos posted on Facebook that have made buckwheat flowers of Ha Giang known to young people.
In order to promote the tourism potential of the region, Ha Giang authorities decided to increase the buckwheat fields to attract more visitors as possible.
A festival will be launched next November to honor the beauty of buckwheat flowers and promote the charm of the limestone plateaus.
Nguyen Van Tai is Director of VietSense Travel:
"We are among the first companies to have launched tours to Ha Giang. Everything is ready to welcome visitors in November and December.
The buckwheat blossom festival is a unique tourist feature for Ha Giang. The festival will help increase the number of tourists”.
The Buckwheat flower festival will take place in four districts of Dong Van, Quan Ba, Yen Minh and Meo Vac in the northern mountain province of Ha Giang from November 13-15. Go and discover this unique destination for yourself.
Quang Tri battlefield
Quang Tri province attracts visitors not only because of its beautiful landscape and delicious food but also its historical relic sites. The visitors come to the province to express their gratitude and show their respect to fallen soldiers.
Quang Tri citadel, Highway 9 Cemetery, and Truong Son National Martyrs’ Cemetery are the popular destinations.
War veteran Pham Xuan Thanh of Lang Son province often visits his fallen comrades in Quang Tri province in July.
Thanh was among the last people to leave Quang Tri province after the 81-day campaign to defend the citadel in 1972.
Thanh says Quang Tri was the battlefield where many of his comrades died.
When he visits his fallen comrades, Thanh often brings soil and water from his home village to sprinkle on the soldiers’ graves and into the Thach Han River.
Thanh says by doing so, he brings the homeland to the war martyrs:“Today, I come here to visit my comrades and release flowers in memory of them. I’m very moved every time I come here. I always remember my comrades and local people who died in this river during the war.
In Quang Tri province, there are 72 cemeteries accommodating nearly 650,000 war martyrs.
The National Highway 9 Cemetery and the National Truong Son Cemetery are located in this province.
All communes in the province have martyrs’ cemeteries, some of them have as many as 4.
Quang Tri citadel and the Thach Han River are considered an unmarked grave where thousands of young people fell during the war.
These days, war martyrs’ cemeteries in Quang Tri province receive a lot of visitors who come to pay their respects to fallen soldiers.
Ms.Nguyen Thi Hanh burst into tears when she visited Truong Son cemetery and Quang Tri citadel for the first time:
“I’m very moved and full of pity for the fallen soldiers. Their bravery is unimaginable. I’m very grateful to the fallen soldiers”.
People in Quang Tri have two occasions for showing gratitude: at the full-moon day in the lunar July when they express their gratitude to their ancestors and on July 27th, when they show their gratitude to fallen soldiers.
In July Quang Tri also celebrates the Highway 9- Khe Sanh victory and the battle to defend Quang Tri citadel in July 1972.
To mark the occasion, memorial and relic sites, and compassionate houses are upgraded and gifts are presented to social beneficiaries.
This year Quang Tri province inaugurated the Cua Viet Victory Monument built with 30 billion VND donated by social organizations, businesses and private donors.
In the “Sacred Homeland” program, commercial banks donated 100 billion VND to commemorative activities in Quang Tri province.
Nguyen Duc Huong is Vice President of Lien Viet Post Bank’s Executive Committee:
“We are thankful to the sacrifices of fallen soldiers.
Whatever we do or how much we do, we can never repay to their and their families’ great sacrifice.
We call on the younger generation to do their best to deserve our predecessors’ sacrifices”.
Nha Ruong- Ancient houses in Hoi Ky village, Quang Tri province
Hoi Ky ancient village in Hai Chanh commune, Hai Lang district, Quang Tri province is located by the O Lau river. The village is more than 500 years old.
Visitors to the village are amazed at the numerous ancient wooden houses known as Nha Ruong, religious establishments, and the peaceful lives of the local people.
Along road to Hoi Ky village are temples, pagodas and clan worship houses which boast unique architectural styles.
But visitors are most amazed at the centuries-old wooden houses nestled in large gardens along O Lau River.
These houses, which belong to the Duong family clan are comprised of 5 or 7 rooms and wing rooms and are made of thick solid wood. Their columns and doors are engraved with dragons, unicorns, phoenixes and other delicate patterns.
In each house, there are lacquered boards with parallel sentences teaching children to do good.
Doors between rooms are beautifully decorated.
The room in the middle is used to worship the ancestors while its two neighboring rooms serve living and bed rooms.
Of the other two wing rooms, the one on the west is for boys and the one on the east is for girls.
There’s also an entresol in the house that contains rice and other home objects.
Duong Van Cho is a local in Hoi Ky village: “Among the 20 ancient houses in the village, 6 have 3 main rooms and 2 wing rooms.
They are about 100 years old.
Local people have restored their houses and all want to maintain their identity”.
Depending on the size of the house, each roof has between 10,000 and 20,000 brick tiles made of clay. The tiles are rectangular, thin, flat and can produce a bell sound when they are knocked.
This way of tiling makes the house cool in summer and warm in winter.
Walls of the house are made of lime and wood hammered bricks.
Every house is surrounded by trimmed green tree fences.
Doctor Le Vinh An is of the Advisory Committee for Hue Ancient Capital Preservation:
“Hoi Ky ancient village still retains its values.
The village was founded in the 15th century but its houses are between 100 and 150 years old.
The landscape in the village is beautiful with a river zigzagging around the village, small lanes, wharves, and a communal yard.
These are typical characteristics of rural Vietnam”.
Mr. Duong Van Manh’s house which is comprised of 3 main rooms and 2 wing rooms and a roof with 10,000 tiles is the most typical. Named “Happiness convergence”, the house is situated in the middle of a large garden.
Built in 1889, the house is sustained with 48 jackfruit wooden columns.
Built in 1931, Ms Duong Thi Huong’s house has one main room and 2 wing rooms and covers about 60 square meters.
Inside the house, there’s a lacquered board saying “4 generations living in the same house”.
According to traditional beliefs, a house with 4 generations living together is a happy house.
Most of the houses in Hoi Ky hang a lacquered board with the word “Peace” on it.
Nguyen Thanh Nam is from Quang Nam province:
“The architecture of the houses is outstanding.
Their structures are also sustainable because they all have solid columns.
The roof of the house is low helping to protect the house from strong winds”.
The locals in Hoi Ky are proud of their houses which stand firm and retain their traditional values despite of war and climate devastation.
These houses have great historical, cultural and architectural values, according to Kitani Kenta, an expert from the UNESCO’s World Heritage Institute at Japan’s Waseda University. Kitani Kenta says the ancient wooden houses of Hoi Ky are wonderful, sophisticated and skillfully built.
These outstanding features need to be promoted’.
The Red Dao ethnic group in Ta Phin
Located ten kilometers from Sa Pa town, Ta Phin village is a popular destination for tourists.
The village is famous for traditional medical remedies of wild leaves made by local Red Dao people.
In Sapa, tourists can rent a motorbike to go to Ta Phin.
The first stop is the monastery of Ta Phin, or rather its remains.
Many tourists like to stay in the homes of local people to experience the way Red Dao people live.
In a wooden house, tourists help the hosts cook.
In the morning, they go together to the nearby forest to look for medicinal plants and visit the village.
In the evening, families and tourists sit around the fireplace chatting.
Dang Thai An and his children come from Hanoi. They spent three days with Ms.Phan Man May’s family.
An says he is enjoying this experience very much. This is the first time he has taken a trip without hotel or restaurant:
“It’s very interesting to live with the locals.
We eat, sleep and go to the field with the host family members.
We cook with them and have a bath using medicinal herbs like local Red Dao people.
They prepare a large pot of medicinal plants for us.
We are very interested in their tradition.
We go up the mountain and visit Ms May’s relatives.
It is really interesting”.
Dang Thai Vinh, Mr.An’s son has visited Sa Pa a couple of times. This time, he wants to introduce his family members to other interesting things about Sa Pa besides Ham Rong mountain, Cau May Street and Silver Waterfall.
Vinh said:
“I don’t want my family members to stay in the center of Sapa town because here the air is pure and good for health.
And above all, we have the opportunity to mix with Red Dao people to learn their culture, their customs and even their language”.
For a long time, on the last day of the year, Dao people has taken a bath with medicinal plants they pick from the nearby forest to welcome the New Year.
Having a bath with medicinal plants has become a tourist attraction in Ta Phin.
In a barrel of hot water, they put up to 120 different kinds of leaves.
Phan Man May says having a bath with medicinal plants is very good for health:
“These leaves are picked in the forest. When there is not enough, we have to buy them in the market.
Having a bath with medicinal plants, all our tiredness accumulated during the day is washed out. It will make you feel relaxed and help you sleep well. Tourists like it a lot.
In summer, it's easy to boil water, while in winter it takes us three hours”.
Adding medicinal leaves to the boiling pot, Dang Thai Vinh says he and his family members all feel relaxed after having bath with medicinal plants:
"This solution of the Dao people is great for health.
We had to walk 13 km to get here but after taking a shower with the water, we all feel perfectly relaxed”.
Staying in a wooden house nestled in the mist, chatting over a wood fire, having a shower with wild leaves- these unique customs and traditions of the Red Dao people give visitors to Ta Phin some beautiful memories.
Van Long Wetland Nature Reserve
Van Long Wetland Nature Reserve covers more than 3,000 hectares in Gia Vien district, Ninh Binh province.
This is a beautiful site that holds two national records for having the most Delacour's langurs and for being the largest unspoiled landscape in Vietnam. Van Long Nature Reserve is a popular eco-tourism destination.
Van Long is the largest wetland nature reserve in northern Vietnam.
On small bamboo boats, tourists travel through high reeds along small streams at the foot of the mountains to admire the reserve’s magnificent landscape.
Van Long is the most beautiful in the summer when the lotus flowers blossom.
Under the water, algae and other aquatic plants sway along with the rhythm of the oars.
Van Long is nicknamed “a bay without waves" because the water is as calm as a giant mirror reflecting mountains and clouds.
The reserve has a thousand caves, each with its own legend.
Do Thi Theu is a boat rower:
“From here, one can clearly see rough lines on the cliff from the top to the foot of the mountain which look like marks left by the claws of a cat.
This cliff is listed in the book of Vietnam Records as "the largest stone mass”.
Cua Chua mountain in Van Long is a place where explorers and researchers have discovered centuries-old drawings.
Tran Xuan Quang is Head of the Reserve Management Committee:
“On the cliff of Mount Cua Chua, scientists have discovered drawings.
Normally, they are not very clear, but when you pour water on them, you see drawings of men and women and ideograms.
It is a puzzle archaeologists are trying to figure out”.
The fauna and flora in Van Long typify the ecosystems of limestone mountains and Red River Delta wetlands.
The park has 39 fauna species and 722 flora species, many of which are listed in the Red Book of endangered species. A hundred bird species live there.
At dusk flocks of birds head towards marshes and rice fields in search of food.
But the real star of Van Long is the Delacour’s langur, one of the most endangered primates in the world. There are 40 Delacour’s langurs in Van Long.
Tran Xuan Quang again:
"Van Long has biggest population of the Delacour’s langurs in Vietnam.
You can see them on the mountains with your naked eye.
Even while sitting on the boat, you can see them.
The largest group of Delacour’s langurs lives on Hoang Quyen mountain.
In the early morning and in the afternoon, you can see monkeys eating or playing”.
The Dutch government, the Global Environment Facility (GEF) and the Cuc Phuong Rescue Center for Rare and Precious Primates are involved in preserving the endangered animal species in Van Long.
Van Long Wetland Nature Reserve receives a large number of foreign every year, most of them from Europe or South Korea. Between May and September is the best season to explore the reserve.
Phat Diem Cathedral
Covering nearly 22 ha in Kim Son district, Ninh Binh province, Phat Diem Cathedral is a popular destination.
Built in the 19th century, it differs from other monuments because of its stone chapel, which is a very successful marriage between eastern and western architecture.
Along the way from Ninh Binh city to Phat Diem Cathedral, there are dozens of churches. But, Phat Diem is the most remarkable because of its unique architecture.
It was built at the initiative of Father Pierre Luc Tran, known as Father Six for 34 years from 1865 to 1899.
This priest built a large cathedral surrounded by five chapels, plus a campanile, a pond and three manmade stone mountains.
The whole constitutes an original set which Western Gothic architecture blends perfectly with that of traditional Vietnamese pagodas.
If we approach the cathedral from the south, we see a pond in the middle of which there is a statue of Jesus opening his arms wide.
Just behind it is a stone bell tower whose roof is curved like those on pagodas and communal houses.
The stone bell tower is built on 3 levels of large stone slabs and has 3 entries.
The first level, the largest, is made of square blue stones. It has 3 rooms with ceiling vaults, each has with stone bed.
Do Thi Ngoc Anh is a tour guide:
"The high arch symbolizes "round heaven" and the bottom stone bed symbolizes "the square earth", which perfectly matches the design of the Oriental concept of harmony between heaven and earth, between yin and yang.
The second level has a large drum and the third has a 1.4m high bell. Cast in 1890, this bell weighs nearly 2 tons.
Unlike other church bells that contain a pendulum, Phat Diem’s bell contains a wooden stick that helps the bell be heard 10km away”.
After crossing the campanile, we look up to admire the front of the Great Cathedral, which is the heart of the Phat Diem architectural ensemble.
It was built in 1891 with the official name of "Cathedral of Our Lady Queen of the Rosary".
Supported by 52 pillars in 6 rows, it includes 9 bays that celebrate the East-West architectural combination.
The entrance is exactly like a Gothic church with its raised ceiling, but the columns are carved with typical oriental motifs, including Vietnamese.
Do Ngoc Hung is an architecture student:
"I am very impressed by the altar of God.
The wooden walls are intricately carved and gilded. The altar itself is in stone. The carvings are superb.
I heard that the altar is made of 6 stone slabs in the basement housing the tombs of six bishops”
But the most precious jewel of the architectural ensemble of Phat Diem is the Chapel of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, which some call "the stone church."
Do Thi Ngoc Anh told us:
"This chapel is almost entirely built of stone, blue stone extracted from Mount Nhoi in Thanh Hoa province.
Outside, there are two towers, one of which carries a relief showing the pierced heart of Mary which symbolizes the immaculacy”.
The altar of Mary is made of stone.
Vietnamese artisans carved various motifs on the stone including phoenix, lotus, pine, chrysanthemums, bamboo, and plum blossoms.
At Phat Diem, mass is held in the main cathedral. The surrounding chapels are dedicated to 4 different saints.
The chapel of St.Joseph was built in 1899. Its furnishings are made entirely of solid wood.
The quintessence of the ancient tradition of Vietnamese wood carving converges here.
Do Thi Ngoc Anh again:
"South of the main cathedral is the Saint Roch chapel which was built in 1895.
The altar is a monolith.
To the west is the St.Joseph Chapel, built in 1896 entirely of iron wood.
To the north of this chapel is the Saint Pierre Chapel, which was built in 1896.
The columns are made of jackfruit wood and are elaborately sculpted”.
Phat Diem Cathedral is a place of prayer and also a popular destination for researchers and tourists.
Dustin is from Canada:
"It's beautiful.
It's unbelievable that this church was built in the 19th century by the Vietnamese.
It is typically Vietnamese and completely different from any I have had the opportunity to see.
Every detail reflects a perfect symbiosis between stone, wood, East and West".
The vagaries of the weather have not damaged the famous architectural ensemble, but mosses have made it more charming.
Behind every relief, every stone lurks something mysterious and sacred waiting to be revealed to visitors.
Ninh Binh- the land of ancient capital
More than 90 km south of Hanoi, Ninh Binh is a province with rich tourist potential. The splendid natural scenery of Trang An, Tam Coc and Bich Dong, the stone cathedral of Phat Diem, and the forest of Cuc Phuong are among the attractions of this beautiful land which was the capital of Vietnam a thousand years ago. Ninh Binh has all the typical topography of northern Vietnam-mountain areas, foothills, coastal areas and low-lying plains.
Its diverse natural conditions favor countless plant and animal species, many of which are in the Red Book of Vietnam.
There are four large forests: Cuc Phuong, Van Long, Hoa Lu and Kim Son which together form a large biosphere reserve.
Ninh Binh is surrounded by mountains of limestone as strong as a fortress wall. It is probably for this reason that the Dinh, Le and Ly dynasties choose Ninh Binh for their capitals from 968 to 1010.
Hoa Lu, the capital was called "the capital built of stone" by local people.
Located at the center, Hoa Lu holds the remnants of wars against foreign invaders and a multitude of temples, shrines, and pagodas.
More than a thousand years ago, in these valleys covered by reeds Dinh Bo Linh led a popular uprising that wiped out 12 army troops.
In 968, he ascended the throne and set his capital at Hoa Lu.
Six kings succeeded each other from 968 to 1009 in Hoa Lu.
Do Ngoc Anh is a tour guide:
"The temples dedicated to the Dinh and Le kings have architectural and sculptural features of the 17th century.
The display objects dating from a thousand years ago.
There are pieces of earthenware bowls which were used at banquets given by the kings of the Dinh dynasty in honor of their victorious troops.
In the Trang An complex are the Trang An ecological site which has been named a World Heritage site, and Tam Coc-Bich Dong which is often called "Ha Long Bay on land." The Sao Khe River, which winds through the mountains, is the only thoroughfare in this area and the only means of transportation is a boat.
Limestone hills, valleys and streams alternate, creating a picturesque landscape.
Caves mesmerize tourists with their stalactites and stalagmites.
Bai Dinh pagoda, also in The rang An complex, is like a book of Buddhist architecture which holds several national records.
It is actually two pagodas: the ancient Bai Dinh pagoda and Bai Dinh pagoda complex- the largest pagoda in Southeast Asia.
The pagoda is built on a historic site where more than one thousand years ago, Dinh Bo Linh’s insurgent troops gathered before and after each battle.
Do Ngoc Anh again:
"Spring time between the first and third lunar month is the best time to visit Trang An. Then, the weather is neither too cold nor too hot.
This is the season of pilgrimage.
In Trang An, tourists and pilgrims can enjoy the scenery and visit the pagoda to pray for good luck”.
In Ninh Binh province, many villages have retained their traditional crafts: Van Lam embroidery, Kim Son mat weaving, Ninh Van stone carving, Phuc Loc carpentry and Van Long basketry.
A visit to Ninh Binh province will provide you with many unforgettable memories.
Museum of Ho Chi Minh Trail
Known as the "Ho Chi Minh trail", the supply route through the Truong Son mountain range is a legend of the Vietnamese resistance.
This story is now told in the "Museum of the Ho Chi Minh Trail”.
Poet Pham Tien Duat poet, a Truong Son veteran, wrote in the museum’s guest book: "We cannot lock up a mountain range in a house.
But the Museum of the Ho Chi Minh trail contains all the diamonds and precious minerals in this mountain range".
Located 16 km west of downtown Hanoi, the Museum of the Ho Chi Minh Trail boasts a contemporary architectural style.
It was inaugurated on April 10, 1999, on the 40th anniversary of Brigade 559, whose members built the legendary Truong Son trail crossing.
Director of the Museum Colonel Ngan Chai says the museum has a dual purpose:
to preserve and display objects used by the Vietnamese troops who fought on this trail and to commemorate the solidarity between the Vietnamese, Laotians and Cambodians involved in the struggle:
"The Ho Chi Minh Trail Museum is a continuation of the old Truong Son Museum which was established in 1968.
At that time, the museum’s staff were cadres and soldiers responsible for political and ideological education.
Their work helped galvanize the troops during the war".
Walking through the museum, you will learn about the Ho Chi Minh Trail, the route of strategic supply for anti-American resistance.
The museum covers ​​17,000 square meters and has three levels of exhibits on an area of 28,000 square meters.
At the entrance is a bronze sculpture representing the military corps which fought in the Truong Son mountain range.
Showrooms reproduce the chronological history of the Ho Chi Minh trail from the time when soldiers carried ammunition on their backs to the opening of paved roads in what the Western press called at the time "the labyrinth jungle”.
Colonel Ngan Chai said:
"In 1995, our museum changed its name to the "National Museum of the Ho Chi Minh Trail”. The museum inherited all the archives and all the artifacts of the Truong Son Museum.
We now have 20,000 objects.
Because the exhibition space can accommodate only 2000 objects, we organize regular exhibits to introduce all of our objects to the public.
We also organize mobile exhibits.
The Museum of the Ho Chi Minh trail fascinates visitors with its lively and creatively depiction of the exploits of the Vietnamese army.
In particular, the museum has a replica of a covered road, known as a K road, that was involved in the laser war.
Colonel Ngan Chai says it reflects the creativity of Vietnamese soldiers:
"These covered roads were constructed in the shade of the jungle. At the time, our troops often moved at night.
The US Air Force used lasers to detect Vietnamese military movements.
This is why the Truong Son soldiers had the idea of creating these covered roads to allow their vehicles to move during the day.
They bent branches of large trees or planted new trees and hung them with orchids to cover the roads.
In total, they created 3,000 km of covered roads.
This method had never been used before and was unprecedented in the history of war. It enabled Vietnamese soldiers to transport ammunition to the southern front”.
The Museum of the Ho Chi Minh Trail is Vietnam’s third most visited museum, welcoming tens of thousands of Vietnamese and foreign visitors each year.
Colonel Nguyen Hai Binh is Head of the Display and Communications Department of the Museum:
"Veterans, students and foreign tourists express their impression and sentiments for Truong Son soldiers.
Before coming here, many have read about Truong Son but visiting the museum brings them face to face with a legend.
For foreign tourists, Truong Son is not only a legend, it is also a subject of study.
They want to see all of our items".
These precious objects are closely associated with Vietnamese history and provide some excellent historical education for younger generations.
Hanoi Opera House
Located in the heart of the capital city of Hanoi, Hanoi Opera House is only a prominent example of French architecture but also a venue that frequently hosts major events.
The Opera House is a tourist attraction and the pride of Hanoi.
The Opera House is located at No 1 Trang Tien Street, close to the Restored Sword Lake.
It was once described by Japanese architects as the most beautiful architectural site in Southeast Asia.
Strongly inspired by the Garnier Opera House in Paris, this building was built between 1901 and 1911 with the help of two French engineers Travary and Savelon.
The Opera House’s theater, stairs, lobby and entrance door embody the European architectural style of the early 20th century.
The building has an area of 2,600 m2, a length of 87m, a width of 30m and a height of 34m.
The large front veranda overlooks the August Revolution square.
In the 870-seat concert hall, the seats are covered with leather or velvet.
The second and third levels have private boxes for VIP guests and families.
At the rear of theater, there are administrative rooms, dressing rooms, rehearsal hall, a library and meeting rooms.
Near the main hall on the first floor is the prestigious hall of mirrors for meetings and cocktails.
The Hanoi Opera House was renovated in 1997 to host the Francophone summit held in Vietnam for the first time.
Architect Hoang Dao Kinh aided the restoration work:
"Of all the architectural works in Vietnam, none has as beautiful and sophisticated zinc decoration zinc as the Hanoi Opera House. Needless to say, the restoration was very difficult.
We called for tenders from French companies, but their prices were very high at that time costing several millions of dollars.
So we decided to use Vietnamese artisans.
They were extremely competent. They created molds of 7-8 levels to restore the zinc decorations at a cost 4 or 5 times lower than that proposed by the French.
When French experts came to visit the Opera House after restoration, they all expressed their admiration for the Vietnamese artisans”.
Another challenge for the artisans was to restore the roof of the Opera House using stones from Lai Chau province instead of imported tiles.
With its restoration, the Opera House regained its extravagant beauty.
It is now a tourist attraction and a venue for concerts and art performances.
Nguyen Cong Cuong is a tourist:
"I’m very impressed with the French architectural style of the Hanoi Opera House.
It is located on a beautiful square surrounded by other French architectural sites but it is the most impressive".
For the Vietnamese, the Hanoi Opera House and August Revolution Square are historic relics.
On August 19, 1945, Hanoians gathered in the square for a huge rally and then headed to the Palace of the Special Envoy of the King to seize power.
Today, the Hanoi Opera House is also a venue for conferences and important meetings.
It is part of Hanoi’s previous architectural heritage.
Doing farm work in rural Hoi An
3 km from Hoi An, Tra Que village offers tourists a chance to stand in the shoes of a Vietnamese peasant, wearing a traditional conical hat and grow vegetables.
You can ride a bike from Hoi An to Tra Que village.
For the past ten years, the villagers have been welcoming foreign tourists who come to experience farming work.
Tra Que village which is famous for herbs grown with clean technology, is now a popular destination for tourists.
Do Thi Thanh is a farmer in Tra Que:
“Tra Que herbs are aromatic with small leaves.
It takes us about 20 days to grow and harvest them.
I grow vegetables for wholesale.
I have been growing vegetables for more than 20 years.
Herbs are often used with chicken rice, salads, mussels and eggs. Tourists come here to see and experience farm work.
We teach them how to plough the soil, apply fertilizer and water the vegetables.
Normally, it takes one hour to prepare the soil for a vegetable patch.
The tourists are very excited and happy. They like doing this job”.
The village has a hundred families who grow mainly vegetables and herbs.
Le Thi Binh is a local farmer:
“We never use chemicals, only water from the river to water the vegetables.
Vegetables and herbs grown here are very aromatic”.
Here, any villager can be your tour guide. All are hospitable and welcome you with open arms and a smile.
Farmer Ho Xuan Thanh explains why herbs from his village are so famous:
"The herbs grown here have a particular scent that cannot be found anywhere else.
The plants are small but packed with essential oils.
Our village definitely has special climatic and geological conditions. Also, we used no fertilizer but freshwater algae. The same varieties grown elsewhere do not have the same scent.
Tra Que village is not included in package tours, but it’s still a popular destination for Hoi An tourists.
Vuong Hoang is Director of the Cu Lao Cham Tour Company:
“Most tourists enjoy this tour because it’s a new experience for them. The vegetable village is an attraction for them.
They’re willing to spend 40 to 50 USD to be a farmer.
Vegetables here are naturally grown with algae so they have a special scent”.
Since 2004, Quang Nam provincial authorities have upgraded the village’s infrastructure and registered trade marks for Tra Que herbs to attract more tourists and protect the 400-year-old village.
It's been over ten years that the locals have been benefiting from this type of community tourism.
A visitor named Beth has just finished her work day in the field.
My Son Sanctuary: an attractive destination
My Son Sanctuary has been named by touropia.com as one of the 10 most attractive destinations in Vietnam.
The site was listed as a World Heritage by UNESCO in 1999 and is an outstanding example of the architecture of the Champa kingdom.
The scorching heat of summer doesn’t keep visitors from walking around My Son to admire the beauty of the temple.
The cool air inside the temple and the sound of cicadas singing outside the temple inspire the tourists.
Although many towers have been damaged, what remains is enough to amaze visitors, said one German tourist:
“This is the first time I’ve come here. I’m very happy because the temples here are beautiful.
With 70 buildings of brick and stone built between the fourth and thirteenth centuries, My Son was once the religious and political capital of the kingdom of Champa and the burial place of kings and monks.
In My Son, the object of worship is the linga, an upright stone and classic representation of Shiva. The temple worships Bhardresvara, founder of the King Amaravati region near the end of the fourth century.
Today My Son has thirty brick towers, although most of them are in ruins. This shrine is considered a museum where you can discover the culture of the Kingdom of Champa.
Architectural and sculptural works are mirrors of the minds of the Cham people, enabling us to understand their conception of the universe, life and death.
The sanctuary of My Son has been damaged by erosion and war. But the site has been reborn from its ashes to boast a unique beauty that attracts tourists from around the world.
Dat Chu, who lives in Ninh Thuan, told VOV:
"I’m very moved to visit the temple because it is here that I found my home. The site has become a heritage.
Champa culture is mysterious, diverse and original. Scientists have not finished unraveling all the secrets hidden in every brick and stone”.
In 2013, after 14 years of restoration, the public was allowed to visit temple G, one of the most important buildings at the site.
More than 60 objects from the temple were discovered and restored.
Federico, an Italian archaeologist who participated in the restoration of the temple between 2004 and 2005, said:
"Before participating in this project, I read a lot about Champa culture.
But seeing the temples with my own eyes, it is superb!
The restored work is beautiful. It's like a miracle”.
The My Son Sanctuary is a must-see in central Vietnam.
Just as picturesque as the famous temples of Angkor in Cambodia, the Bagan in Myanmar, or the Borobudur in Indonesia, My Son Sanctuary is a witness to the history of the Champa Kingdom and a World Heritage.
Pha Din pass- path for artilleries to enter Dien Bien Phu battlefield
Pha Din pass, which is 32 km long, is the gateway to Dien Bien province.
Its highest peak is 1,648 meters above sea level.
60 years ago, Pha Din pass was the place from which soldiers pulled the artillery up the mountain to the Dien Bien Phu battlefield.
The terrain of Pha Din pass now is not as difficult as before though there are still 8 sharp zigzag bends along the road.
Works has been done to lower the altitude of the pass and the width of the road has been expanded making it easier to go through it.
60 years ago, Pha Din pass was part of the pipeline supplying ammunitions and food to the Dien Bien Phu battlefield.
It was where 8,000 young volunteers, militia and workers carried ammunition and rice up the mountain everyday.
It was the place where ground forces and artillerymen marched through to Dien Bien Phu, whose secret name then was Tran Dinh.
Composer Hoang Van, who composed the song “Artillery pulling chant”, still remembers the marches through Pha Din pass 60 years ago: “Before entering Muong Thanh field, we had to go through a long zigzag pass on which some soldiers drove cars while other soldiers and laborers carried or pushed bicycles carrying supplies to the front.
The supply line began in late 1953.
The pass was dozens of kilometers and winding while French planes continuously dropped bombs destroying cars, trucks and bicycles carrying rice.
At that time, we had to be careful to avoid enemy bombings.
After that, we had to pull artillery up the mountain. All these experiences inspired me to compose the song “Artillery pulling chant”.
Pha Din pass was the most difficult section in the journey of moving the artillery. After Pha Din pass, the soldiers had to pull their weapons over many slopes, abysses and high peaks to move toward Him Lam base, Doc Lap hill, A1 hill and the De Castries tunnel.
The Dien Bien soldiers’ efforts to haul their weaponry are unimaginable.
Composer Hoang Van again:
“As we hauled our ammunitions, dozens of people were arranged at each end of it.
At one end, some people pulled the artillery and at the other end, some people pushed it.
We used a winch and put a roller inside to pull the artillery.
Every time we heaved, we elevated the artillery on the roller, so that it could a step.
Once the enemy dropped a bomb and broke the winch, and our supplies rolled down the abyss.
Our hero To Vinh Dien then plunged under the artillery to save it”.
It is now about dozens of kilometers from Pha Din pass to Dien Bien city.
But during the Dien Bien Phu campaign, the length of the road was not calculated by kilometers but by the hardship that the soldiers suffered.There were different roads for carrying supplies to carry artilleries to the battlefield.
Some roads were used for just a few hours for artilleries to go through and then hidden by the forest as if they had never existed.
There was a special section of the road that was 15 km long and built within 20 hours running distance from Na Nham forest to Ngheu hamlet.
On that road, Vietnamese soldiers manually pulled 2.4-ton artilleries, 75 mm canons and 120 mm mortars through difficult mountains, deep abysses and enemy bombs to join the opening battle of the Dien Bien Phu campaign on March 13, 1954.
Pham Duc Cu was a former artilleryman at Dien Bien Phu:
“Our condition was very harsh.
When we were 15 to 18 km from Dien Bien Phu, we had to pull the artillery manually.
It was the most difficult section of the road.
The Dien Bien artillerymen must have been made of bronze bodies and iron feet. We will never forget the winding roads and slopes in Bay Toi, U Mau, Suoi Ngua and Voi Phuc, where we pulled 2.4-ton artilleries up to the battlefield”.
A monument to the memory of hero To Vinh Dien and his artillery platoon was erected 20 km from Dien Bien.
The monument reminds younger generations of Vietnam’s glorious history and the heroic soldiers of Dien Bien Phu.
Kinh Bac- cradle of Great Viet civilization
Bac Ninh province is often referred to as the Kinh Bac- Northern region. The name is associated with a land with a long history and ancient culture. Previously, Kinh Bac consisted of Bac Giang province and Dong Anh and Long Bien districts of Hanoi.
The region is associated with several legends and is considered the cradle of the great Viet civilization.
Located in the center of the Red River Delta, Kinh Bac is blessed with fertile land, beautiful landscapes and favorable conditions for economic and cultural exchanges with other localities throughout the country. Since the early years before Christ, the region was one of the cradles of the wet rice civilization and the founding place of the Great Viet civilization.
It is home to several relics, pagodas, towers, temples and stupas which were built under several feudal regimes.
Kinh Bac is also famous nationwide for its folk festivals, especially Quan Ho folk singing, which was recognized by UNESCO as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity.
Kinh Bac inspires visitors with its cultural and historical vestiges.
Dinh Bang village in Tu Son district is home to the stupas of 8 Kings of the Ly dynasties, Co Phap temple and Do temple, which worships 8 Kings of the Ly Dynasty from the 11th to the 13thcentury.
Nguyen Thac Kim is from the Management Board of Do Temple Relic:
“The Ly dynasty built a unified monarchy, a unified country, and a unified government. The Le dynasty also set up social, economic and cultural establishments contributing to the development of Vietnamese culture and civilization and the army.
During peacetime, people cultivated crops. In wartime, they served as soldiers.
With such policies, the Ly dynasty developed a strong economy and successfully defended the nation”.
King Duong Vuong’s stupa and the Temple of Lac Long Quan and Au Co in A Lu village, Thuan Thanh district are also popular destinations.
The Luy Lau ancient citadel with market streets, temples and tower pagodas shows that this area used to be a political, economic, trade, Buddhism and Confucianism center of Vietnam.
Thuan Thanh is also the home of various traditional crafts and folk arts such as the folk paintings of Dong Ho village, the Ca Tru singing of Thanh Tuong village, and water puppetry of Bui Xa village.
There are many relics in Thuan Thanh that are closely associated with the history and development of Buddhism in Vietnam including Dau pagoda and But Thap pagoda, which has several Buddha statues and valuable antiques reflecting Vietnamese people’s creativity in architecture and sculpture.
Nguyen Huu Nam is a cultural officer in Thuan Thanh:
“But Thap is one of Bac Ninh’s most ancient pagodas.
There are several architectural structures and sculptured works typical of the 17th century in the pagoda. They include the wooden statue of Bodhisattva Kuan-yin of a thousand eyes and hands and Bao Nghiem stone-sculpture tower, known as Pen Tower.
But Thap pagoda is one of the few that retains its ancient style.
Kinh Bac was the center of national defense and cultural development during Vietnam’s feudal regimes.
There is also the Bac Ninh Temple of Literature which honors more than 600 laureates of Bac Ninh, one third of the laureates nationwide under the feudal regimes.
Kinh Bac civilization is also reflected in the tradition, customs and lifestyle of the local people.
Nam Yet- a coconut island
Located in the north of the Truong Sa (Spratley) Archipelago, in Khanh Hoa province, Nam Yet island is called the “Coconut island”.
From afar, the island is like a blue silk strait with ranges of coconut trees.
With a width of about 200m and a length of 600m, Nam Yet island is oval-shaped.
Trees typical of Truong Sa archipelago are planted on Nam Yet island but coconuts are the most numerous.
Colonel Phan Van Dich, Deputy Head of the Logistics Department of Brigade 146, who has worked on the island for nearly 30 years, says that the soil on Nam Yet island is good for growing coconut trees: "When we arrived on the island, coconut trees were already there.
The elders told us that those coconut trees came from the mainland.
They are becoming more numerous as Nam Yet now grows seedlings to plant on other islands of the archipelago”.
It is difficult to count the number of coconut trees growing on the island but it is certain that the care given to these plants is an art that takes time and work.
Colonel Nguyen Van Tam, a Political Commissar of Group 1 on the island says that Nam Yet is paying closer attention to growing coconuts.
Dry and stunted coconuts will be nursed and when they are 30 cm high, will be transplanted to a garden.
Coconuts here are planted at 2 times: in the spring and whenever soldiers leave the island, because they want to plant a coconut tree as a souvenir. Tam says:“I ​​was stationed on the island twice and I planted six coconuts.
Our team has planted another 14 coconut trees.
It takes time and efforts to grow coconuts even if the tree does not require much watering.
When the plants are large, we must remove dead leaves and place on top of the coconut a small packet of salt to make it produce more fruit and prevent disease.
Coconut trees are resistant to the harsh climate on the island.
They produce fruit throughout the year and particularly during the dry season.
A tree can provide 2 to 4 clusters coconuts.
Colonel Bui Van Thanh, Political Commissar of Group 3 on Nam Yet island, says:
"Our group has planted nearly a hundred coconuts, of which 50 are already yielding fruit.
We reap the fruit only on special occasions such as Tet or during visits by people from the mainland. We never count them but coconuts are numerous.
In recent years, the coconut trees gave many fruits thanks to good care”.
Products made from coconut trees are popular on the island.
The leaves are used to cover vegetable gardens and animal shelters.
Dried coconuts are used to scoop water. Some skilled soldiers even embed shells to make nice gifts for their family and friends.
Colonel Tran Dinh Hoa is the Political Commissar on Nam Yet island:
“We take good care of the coconut trees because they provide water and food for our soldiers.
Coconuts make the island green and they are strong enough to withstand the harsh conditions on the island.
Coconut trees are a symbol of Vietnam, representing Vietnam’s national sovereignty”.
Coconut trees stand majestically to protect the island from waves like the soldiers who spare no effort to defend national sovereignty.
My Son Sanctuary: A unique and majestic heritage of humanity
Located in the central province of Quang Nam, 69 km southwest of Danang, the My Son Sanctuary is nestled in a closed valley.
With 70 towers embodying the historic, cultural, architectural and artistic values of Champa civilization, My Son is comparable to the most famous heritages in Southeast Asia including Borobudur of Indonesia, Pagan of Myanmar, and Angkor Wat of Cambodia.
My Son was recognized as a World Cultural Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1999.
Built in the 4th century, My Son was once the religious and political capital of the Champa Kingdom and the burial place of kings and monks.
Architect Kazimiers Kwiakowski, who has studied My Son architecture for several years, says that from the 4th to the 13th century Cham people built this magnificent architectural work with their souls and hearts.
He describes the museum as a special sculpture museum of humanity.
Within a radius of 2 km, towers and tombs in My Son reflect architectural influences of Indian religion.
There is one main tower in the middle and several smaller towers surrounding.
The main tower worships the Linga or Shiva statue.
In front of each tower, there is a place to arrange offerings and conduct ceremonial rituals.
All towers have a pyramidal roof and face east to receive sunlight.
Many towers are decorated with genie statues and beautiful patterns.
Huynh Tan Lap is Vice-President of the My Son Relic Management Committee.
"Hinduism is the religion practiced here.
The religion worships three main gods in the abstract form of the Linga and Yoni, which symbolize Yin and Yang.
In the Sanscrit language, Linga and Yoni represent masculinity and femininity.
The religion reflects the idea that there is Yin and Yang in the universe.
The Linga and Yoni are the main worshiping objects in the main temple."
Most of the towers are built of brick with a sophisticated technique.
Stone pillars are decorated with bas-reliefs of sandstone depicting scenes from Hindu mythology. These are delicate and expressive sculptures reflecting the Champa arts.
Dat Chu, a Cham in Ninh Thuan says:
"Champa culture is diverse and rich.
Researchers never finish discovering the secrets of Champa culture hidden in every brick and stone.
Not only me but all the Cham in Ninh Thuan are very proud”.
The architecture of My Son is the quintessence of Champa culture and arts.Wu Shang is a Chinese tourist: "I ​​went to Hue, Da Nang, Hoi An and My Son because there are only a few world cultural heritage sites left.
I have visited several shrines in the world but I must say that My Son is particularly well preserved."
My Son is known as a beautiful cultural treasure of the ancient Cham people and a lively architectural museum of the aesthetics of humanity.
Despite ravages of war and time, My Son Sanctuary stands as a witness to the history of the ancient Champa, and is an important part of the world’s cultural heritage.
Hoi An in the eyes of foreigners
Hoi An ancient town with it mossy houses, wooden bridges and ancient wells dating back 3 centuries is always a magic magnet for both Vietnamese and foreign tourists Reputed to be the most charming town in Vietnam, Hoi An has become a key destination for foreign tourists passing through central Vietnam.
The first thing that strikes visitors upon arriving in Hoi An is the feeling of returning to the 16th century because of its ancient architecture, peacefulness and hospitality. There are no horns.
Motorbikes are banned from 8:00 to 11:00, from 14h to 16h30 and from 18 h to 21 h.
This makes the city more peaceful and beautiful at meal time.
Mara Landoni, an Italian architect, thinks Hoi An is most beautiful in the morning:
“I like walking around the town in the early morning when the street is not crowded.
I like to see people opening their shops.
It’s the best moment for me ".
In the morning, Hoi An seduces you with cobblestones, mossy houses and flowering bougainvillea.
Kiara is another Italian tourist. She visited Hoi An after hearing about this magical place: “I think it’s very beautiful and amazing.
I like the architecture of the old town.
I like local people. They are very friendly”.
Kiara’s impressions are shared by her son Francesco, who spent an unforgettable few days in this ancient Vietnamese town: “It’s very nice.
I like the lanterns lights and many things. I like all the places including pagodas. Our guide show us many interesting things”
If Hoi An is fairly quiet during the day, in the evening, it comes alive and sparkles in the lights of lanterns.
Tourists usually prefer Hoi An at night.
Sandra is a Latvian tourist:
At night, Hoi An is quite different.
The streets are lit by the light of candles and lanterns. It is absolutely beautiful.
" Every street corner and house is decorated with colorful lanterns made by the local people.
Walking along the small lanes, listening to the sounds of wooden windchimes, melodious music on the street corners, and chanting on the Hoai river, visitors grow more and more enamored with Hoi An.
Nguyen Su is Secretary of the Hoi An Municipal Party Committee:
“In the ancient streets at night, you have the feeling that everything is moving more slowly.
Walking around the streets, smelling the fragrance of aloe wood and listening to the unhurried sounds around you make you feel more relaxed.
The ancient town is like a stage play”.
Full moon nights are particularly conducive to exploring Hoi An. When night falls, the town lights its lamps and is filled with delicious odors.
Lantern street in HCM City
Storeowners on Cho Lon Street, also known as lantern street, in District 5 of Ho Chi Minh City are busily preparing to welcome hundreds of visitors and shoppers during the upcoming Mid-Autumn Festival.
Every year on the last days of the July lunar calendar Cho Lon Street alights with lanterns to welcome them.
With only two weeks left to prepare there is little time for these storeowners to spare in getting ready.
On the street there are nearly 100 stores selling all types of specialized lanterns.
Pumpkin lanterns made of paper attract the attention of many.
This year there are fewer battery-powered lanterns with Chinese music than in previous years, as shoppers prefer those made in Vietnam out of bamboo.
Children prefer lanterns with animal collections.
Traditional colourful star-shaped lanterns are always popular.
There are lanterns everywhere.
Both children and adults like vividly bright lanterns.
Thousands of decorations to go along with the lanterns are also on sale.
Prices aren’t marked on sale items but sellers are always ready to dicker on the price.
Vietnamese donut
‘Banh ran’ is a delicious finger food for breakfast in Vietnam.
There are two main kinds of banh ran, namely salty cake and sweet one with the latter being much more common than the former.
While the filling of sweet cake is sweet mashed mung bean, that of salty cake is quite similar to pillow cake‘s, a mixture of minced meat, prawn, glass noodle, veggie.
What is more, among different types of sweet cake, the cake coated with sesame seeds is the best choice due to its moderate sweet taste, crispy cover and subtle fragrant.
The dough is a blend of glutinous rice flour, rice flour, mashed potato and sugar.
Mashed mung bean filling is rolled into ball shape, wrapped inside the dough and then rolled over a plate of sesame to make its sesame coat.
After deep-fried, the cake is getting golden brown, crispy and aromatic.
Hiding under that crispy cover is the sweet and nutty flavor of potato, rice, and mung bean.
So just relish it and discover how tasty it is!
Ganh Da Dia - Giant “beehive” in Phu Yen sea
Ganh Da Dia, which means Sea Cliff of Stone Plates, is a seashore area of uniformly interlocking basalt rock columns located along the coast in An Ninh Dong Commune, Tuy An District, Phu Yen Province in central Vietnam.
The area is about 100 meters wide and 250 meters long, composed of an estimated 35,000 columns of basalt rocks.
The rocks are dark lava columns with roughly flat surfaces of different shapes - round, pentagon, hexagon, polygon...
Ganh Da Dia looks like a gigantic beehive or pile of dinner plates, hence the name.
The rock columns were created from volcanic eruptions millions of years ago; when the molten basalt flows met cold water, they solidified and created polygonal formations due to thermal contraction.
Ganh Da Dia was listed as a National Heritage site in January 1998 by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
Hectic Tuy Hoa fishing port at dawn
Visitors traveling to Tuy Hoa fishing port located in the coastal city of Tuy Hoa in Phu Yen Province at around 5 a.m. will have a chance to see how local fishermen begin the day early in the morning.
The fishing port is among the hectic trading places in the coastal city.
To local fishermen and traders, this is the most significant time when fishing boats laden with seafood return to the port after fishing trips.
A lot of baskets full of freshly-caught seafood are transported ashore one after another by suntanned men whose weather-battered faces always show happiness for their work.
Meanwhile, traders swiftly pick some baskets containing the freshest seafood and then deliver to many other places.
The fishing port is also very famous for the best tuna with certain ones weighing up to hundreds of kilograms.
Heading for the trading area situated right in the port, visitors will get amazed by the bustle and hustle of buyers and sellers.
A wide variety of fresh seafood such as fish, crab, prawn and squid are offered for sale.
Some people say seafood bought at the port is not actually cheaper than in other markets but they can choose the freshest items.
In addition to local people, a lot of tourists paying a visit to Phu Yen Province prefer going shopping at Tuy Hoa fishing port early in the morning.
They can also admire the beautiful sunrise over the horizon and fishing boats busily checking in and out at the same time.
Despite hard work under the sun, Phu Yen fishermen always give a broad grin on their faces.
To them, every fishing trip full of fish is a great happiness in the daily lives.
New life for Mekong floating market
The Mekong Delta province of Hau Giang is developing eco-tourism products based on its rivers, fruit orchards, and rural sights and life, according to its Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
They include Nga Bay floating market in Nga Bay town, an ecological tourism zone in Vi Thuy District and agriculture tourism in Vi Thanh city.
Do Chieu Qui, the department’s director, said the province was undertaking a 35 billion VND (1.5 million USD) project to revive Nga Bay floating market for tourism purposes.
The market would be turned into one of the province’s key river tourism products, he said.
Since the floating market was established in 1915 it was located at the meeting point of seven canals and rivers in Nga Bay town and become one of the delta’s busiest markets.
But a decade ago local authorities moved it to a new site three kilometres away to improve traffic safety at the confluence, and the market’s activities began to dwindle because of the inconvenient location.
The project to revive it is expected to be completed in 2019.
At the 145ha ecological tourism zone, several tasks have been completed, including the dredging of a 14km canal and creation of a 13ha fruit orchard, 5ha bird garden and 11ha area for breeding wild animals and freshwater aquatic species.
The zone is expected to be ready by the end of 2018, according to the department.
The department is also working with relevant agencies and district authorities to conserve and develop historic and cultural relics, including the Temple of Uncle Ho, Can Tho Party Committee base and Relics of Chuong Dien Victory.
The province has also set up community tourism sites at the Cau Duc pineapple farming area in Vi Thanh and Long Tri sweet mandarin area in Long My District and developed agricultural tourism in Vi Thanh.
Hau Giang has zoned off a 130ha eco-tourism area at the Mua Xuan Agricultural Centre in Phung Hiep District.
It also plans to develop eco-tourism at the 2,800ha Lung Ngoc Hoang Nature Wetland Reserve in Phung Hiep.
Hau Giang, located in the delta’s central part, hopes to attract 160,000 tourists a year, including 18,000 foreigners, by 2020, according to its tourism development plan.
Speaking at a meeting on August 12, the province’s Party Committee Secretary, Tran Cong Chanh, told local authorities to continue surveying sites so that appropriate tourism development plans can be made and human resources developed.
The investment to develop eco-tourism sites should be linked with the national programme to build new rural areas, he said.
The Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism should monitor and provide advice during the process of creating eco-tourism products at the Mua Xuan Agricultural Centre, he said.
After two years of implementing the province Party Committee’s Resolution No. 9 on developing tourism, Hau Giang has also organised many tourism training courses for households in eco-tourism areas.
On August 3, for instance, 40 farmers in Vi Thuy District were provided training in tourism.
The trainees also visited a community tourism model in the district.
Le Quoc Chien, who has participated in a tourism training course, offers tourism services in his 1ha fruit orchard in Vi Thanh.
He grows many kinds of fruits like durian, mangosteen, jack fruit, red flesh dragon fruit, mango and guava and also has ponds for tourists to fish.
Le Minh Tam of Nga Bay town’s Nga Bay Ward developed his 5ha Burmese grape orchard into a tourism site in 2014.
It receives about 100 tourists a day, and 300-400 during the peak Burmese grape harvest season.
Tam has tied up with travel companies in HCM City and Vinh Long and Kien Giang provinces to bring tourists to his orchard, which has fruits between April and September.
“I plan to replace old Burmese grape plants with other trees like king orange and rambutan to ensure my orchard has fruits year round.”
Grilled sharpbelly - A specialty of Phu Yen Province
As simple as the dish is but grilled sharpbelly is a very famous dish in the land of Phu Yen where visitors can hardly ignore.
Like other freshwater fishes such as sand goby and white fish, sharpbelly is long and thin, up to an adult finger, usually live in herds in the rivers and streams.
Fresh sharpbelly is washed and grilled or fried then is cooked over charcoal fire.
When grilling, you need to always turnover each side so that its scab is cooked without being charred.
It is served with vegetables of all kinds, fresh rice noodles, rice paper with spicy sauce.
There are many ways to eat grilled sharpbelly, it can be served with fish sauce and rice.
But the most delicious way is to roll with ricepaper and other vegetables, such as lettuce, cucumber; fragrant basil; slip basil; and fresh beansprout along with spicy chilli fish sauce. /
Diep Son islands - the most attractive beach in 2016 summer
Diep Son islands, located in the Van Phong Bay in the south central province of Khanh Hoa is well-known for its white-sand beach, crystal-clear water and the winding path connecting two islets.
Diep Son islands consist of three small islets.
There is the unique road on the islands.
Crystal clear water.
There are many beautiful, untouched beaches.
Diep Son is among the favourite destinations of young people.
Catering services are available.
5 experiences not to be missed in Vietnam
There's no point dipping your foot in the water; you have to dive right in on a trip to Vietnam.
Vietnam boasts an abundance of beautiful sights to behold and delicious food to taste.
But if time is not your friend, here are five must-visit destinations that will guarantee you a trip to remember.
Taking a train to Sapa
Sapa is a small town in the northern province of Lao Cai.
Dubbed the "the Tonkinese Alps", the region is home to hill tribe minority groups who farm on terraced rice fields.
Mount Fansipan, the roof of Indochina, stands tall at 3,143 meters right in the center of the Hoang Lien Son mountain range not far from Sapa.
Taking a train from Hanoi to Lao Cai.
The town, 376km north of Hanoi, is easily accessible by an overnight train from the capital.
One can take a bus too, but such a long journey is usually reserved for those with a thirst for adventure.
The train, on the other hand, is safe, cheap and convenient while still affording you a breathtaking view out of the window from a cabin that still breathes the air from the French colonial period.
If you opt for the train, tickets should be booked at least a few days or even months in advance, especially if you plan to travel during public holidays such as Labor Day on May 1 or National Day on September 2.
Drinking ‘bia hoi’ with locals
‘Bia hoi’, roughly translated as fresh beer, is a locally-brewed, preservative-free beer served at small bars and at street corners.
A visit to Hanoi is incomplete without a stop at the ‘bia hoi’ corner at the crossroads of Luong Ngoc Quyen, Ta Hien and Dinh Liet streets for a glass of 20 cent beer.
Most ‘bia hoi’ joints also serve inexpensive street food that goes well with the beer.
There are prawns barbecued with chili and salt, clams steamed with lemongrass, green mango with a prawn-chili-salt dip or coconut snails sautéed with butter and fish sauce.
Instead of a “proper” table, you’ll find yourself seated on tiny plastic stools, most likely blue, which also serve as mini tables.
As the alcohol kicks in, you’ll soon forget the discomfort in your legs to cheer the night away.
Overnight cruise in Ha Long Bay
Ha Long Bay, the famous UNESCO World Heritage Site, is not to be missed in the northern province of Quang Ninh. Spanning an area of 1,553 km2, the bay features thousands of limestone karsts formed over 500 million years and 2,000 islets that come in all shapes and sizes. You can venture out onto the waters in a kayak, descend into mysterious caves or discover your own secret hideout among the thousands of islets.
The sunrise or sunset on a cruisewould take your breath away.
Travelers can book an overnight cruise that comes with a double room, breakfast, lunch and dinner.
As the sun comes up, you will be treated to piercing limestone karsts rising majestically out of the bay.
By evening, a candlelight dinner awaits you onboard under the stars and the moon, lighting the way for small fishing boats heading out for the night.
Hoi An food heaven
Inside the ancient town of Hoi An lies a whole new world for you to discover. And it’s not just 16th century houses for which this former port city has been recognized by UNESCO as a World Heritage.
On its small sidewalks and inside unassuming houses there are 1,001 street food specialties awaiting you.
Here are just a few to add to your bucket list, because you won’t find a cheaper or tastier equivalent anywhere else:
- ‘Mi Quang’, or Quang noodles, the central sister of pho, just bigger and with a pulpy rather than silky texture
- ‘Hen xuc banh trang’: Vietnamese burritos - sautéed clams eaten with crispy rice paper
- ‘Cao lau’: Brown noodles with pork and greens, only in Hoi An
Floating market in Mekong Delta
The Mekong Delta down south is criss-crossed with thousands of canals interlocking through fields and mangrove forests that have created a world of their own: life on water.
Put your bike aside and jump in a boat to discover tropical fruits on offer at floating markets.
The most famous ones include Cai Rang (Can Tho Province), Cai Be (Tien Giang Province), Phung Hiep (also called Nga Bay in Hau Giang Province), Long Xuyen (An Giang Province) and Tra On (Vinh Long Province).
Floating markets have long been the iconic feature of the Mekong Delta.
In the midst of hundreds of boats anchored next to each other, you’ll find huge crowds of buyers and seller bargaining over fruit, fish, poultry, fabric, home appliances and farming tools.
The goods are hung on long bamboo polls for customers to choose from.
For the more adventurous, you can go snake and snake wine shopping in Phung Hiep Market.
Vietnam's most beautiful lakes
Immerse yourself in stunning bodies of water from north to south.
These must-see lakes have become ideal tourist destinations for those who wish to escape their hectic lives and immerse themselves in nature.
Ba Be Lake, Bac Kan
Ba Be lake, which means ‘Three Lakes’ in English, is located in the northern province of Bac Kan, about 240 kilometers northwest of the capital Hanoi.
Surrounded by limestone cliffs, Vietnam’s largest natural freshwater lake stretches about eight kilometers north to south and reaches depths of 35 meters.
It takes visitors at least two days to explore the lake, not to mention the nearby caves and a spectacular waterfall further upstream.
West Lake, Hanoi
West Lake is Hanoi’s largest freshwater lake, located right in the center of the capital.
The lake draws scores of foreign tourists as well as local citizens who wish to see a thin blanket of mist rise over the surface at sunrise and sunset.
Take a trip around the lake to see how people live and fish, and you will forget all about the city’s crazy traffic.
Song Muc Lake, Thanh Hoa
Set in Ben En National Park in the northern coastal province of Thanh Hoa, Song Muc Lake is the main tourist attraction.
Filled by the Muc River and four other streams, the water is always crystal clear throughout the year.
Together with a group of 21 floating islands, tourists can enjoy sightseeing excursions by boat or kayak.
They can also experience daily life and cast their lines at a spot of fishing.
Ke Go Lake, Ha Tinh
Ke Go Lake was built in 1976 in the central province of Ha Tinh.
It is the largest irrigation project in the province, and holds 350 million cubic meters of water.
Covered by natural forests with abundant flora and fauna, Ke Go Lake has been visited by both national and international scientists.
Tourists who reach Ke Go can now take a boat to take in water pouring down from the mountain, have a picnic along the banks and enjoy grilled fish, a specialty of the region.
Tuyen Lam Lake, Lam Dong
No one knows for sure when and why the lake was called Tuyen Lam, but many think that Tuyen stands for stream and Lam stands for forest.
Tuyen Lam is a place where water and trees meet.
Located in the Central Highland province of Lam Dong, where the dry season lasts up to six months, the lake is full of water all year round.
If viewed from the cable hanger above, Tuyen Lam Lake is as a miniature ocean with each island oasis on the lake representing a continent.
Here tourists have a chance to enjoy the cool highlands air, explore the cultural patterns of ethnic groups and join in exciting activities like elephant riding.
To Nung Lake, Gia Lai
Located six kilometers north of downtown Pleiku in the Central Highland province of Gia Lai, To Nung Lake is in fact a volcanic crater formed millions of years ago.
The lake has a surface of 280 hectares (692 acres) and an average depth of 16-19 meters, reaching 40 meters at its deepest.
Visitors can discover To Nung Lake by boat, but they can also choose to enjoy the beautiful landscapes from the back of an elephant.
In the evening, they can share a dance, a song or some wine with local ethnic people while listening to their traditional music.
Romantic Bo Bo Pine Forest
Around 25km southwest of Da Nang, the Bo Bo Pine Forest is situated in Dien Tien Commune in Quang Nam Province’s Dien Ban District.
The forest consists of 4 small hills located in an area covering more than 200ha.
The forest boasts romantic natural landscapes thanks to its beautiful pine trees, birds singing, peaceful lakes, and year-round cool weather.
Tran Van Dung, a local young photographer, is a typical example. He said “I accidentally saw Bo Bo Pine Forest when I was on my way to Dai Loc District.
I was mesmerised by the forest’s amazing natural landscapes, and decided to take some photos and upload them on my Facebook page.
Many people from my Facebook friends list were also deeply impressed by the beauty of the area, and they asked me to take them there”.
With the highest hill standing 55 meters above sea level, from its summit visitors can admire the amazing panoramic views over the northern side of Quang Nam Province, the eastern side of the province’s Dai Loc District, and the southern side of Da Nang.
Thanks to this, the area has now become a popular venue for backpackers and hotographers from Da Nang.
Nhat Lam Thuy Trang Tra ecotourism site - a peaceful and romantic venue
About 10km east of Da Nang, the Nhat Lam Thuy Trang Tra ecotourism site on the Son Tra peninsula boasts a simple, poetic beauty set amongst outstanding nature
The site’s owner, Mr Pham Truong Mai, said that the site was created in 2007 and was originally named ‘Truong Mai’ after him. A few years later, it was renamed ‘Nhat Lam Thuy Trang Tra’, which implies a beautiful natural area featuring mountains, water, green trees and grass.
Over recent years, Mr Mai and his family have taken advantage of the site’s natural conditions to raise wild boars and backyard chickens, farm fish, and plant wild vegetables. This has helped his family to increase their production activities, and become involved in protecting the forest.
Thanks to its beautiful landscapes and airy spaces, ‘Nhat Lam Thuy Trang Tra’ is now attracting a great deal of attention from local residents and visitors.
The path to the ecotourism site is quite romantic thanks to the green trees and grass alongside.
From the peninsula’s Ban Co Peak (Chess Board Peak), visitors need to go straight on until they meet a T-junction and then turn left. They continue going straight ahead for several kilometres until they come to the site.
Interestingly, some of the bends on the road leading to the venue will challenge drivers with their 40% uphill slope.
Visitors to the site have the opportunity to enjoy a wide range of delicious rustic dishes made from the backyard chickens, farm-bred wild boars, and wild vegetables.
Most notably, the coconut wine is highly recommended for people who love a light and sweet spirit which is fermented from coconut water.
New attractions for tourists
To create variety and novelty for visitors to Da Nang, many local young people are trying to develop new and special tourist attractions.
The ‘Chan Troi Goc Be’ (All Corners of the World) eco-restaurant is a typical example.
Located on Le Van Duyet at the foot of the Thuan Phuoc Suspension Bridge, the eco-restaurant is the perfect venue for anyone who wants to enjoy relaxing moments away from the hustle and bustle of the city, or interesting outdoor activities with their relatives and friends.
The 5,000m2 area features many spacious bamboo watch-towers which bring its customers relaxation, peace, and tranquility.
On display are mounds of straw and rice straw-woven items, as well as re-creations of images of rural areas.
In addition, visitors have the opportunity to be immersed in nature by participating in collective games on the spacious grassland or in water sports such as boat racing and floating water bike cycling.
Another example is the company MTV Nguyen-Eco which specialises in offering sea and island tours.
Mr Duong Van Nguyen, the company’s Deputy Director, said that Da Nang welcomes an increasing number of international visitors, but they seem to prefer to experience ecological tourism activities in Hoi An rather than take tours around the city.
Yet the city possesses many time-honoured traditional crafts which have great potential for the development of eco-tourism.
Included are the making of sedge mats in Cam Ne Village and bamboo knitting in Yen Ne.
He remarked, “To meet the increasing demand from foreigners for this type of tourism, my company has launched a ‘Nguyen Eco ecotourism’ tour along the banks of the Cam Le River.
Enjoying the tour, visitors will have the opportunity to experience sedge mat-making or picking vegetables themselves to prepare their own meals”.
Developing tourist attractions in Hoa Vang District
Over recent years, many domestic and foreign visitors arriving in Da Nang have been attracted to the rustic tourism products and tourist sites in Hoa Vang District.
About 20 km west of the city, the 186ha Hoa Trung Lake in the district’s Hoa Lien Commune boasts a peaceful and simple charming beauty with numerous artificial floating islands and smooth green grass.
During the days of shallow water in the summer, the lakeside area is larger and looks like a vast and quiet steppe.
According to a Vietnamese website, this place is as beautiful as the renowned Mongolian-Manchurian steppe.
Thanks to its impressive beauty, the lake has now become very popular with residents from Da Nang who want to take part in outdoor activities or stay overnight here with their friends and family members.
In addition to the peaceful lake, the district is famous for around 100 ancient houses which are all over 100 years old.
Amongst them, the 200-year-old Tich Thien Duong house in Hoa Nhon Ward’s Thai Lai Village has become a must-visit place.
This house keeps intact some of the unique architectural characteristics of an ancient traditional Vietnamese house, including a moss-covered roof, sophisticated carved patterns, and east and west-facing rooms in accordance with the ancient Oriental architecture.
In addition, many old utensils are kept in the house, such as a flour mill, rice mortar, cake mold and coal iron, and these reflect the rural life of the past.
A group from the municipal Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism and other local relevant agencies recently surveyed the new tourism products in Thai Lai Village.
The intention was to find ways to boost the development of the local river tourism with the aim of starting a new boat tour, developing new tourist attractions, and building a trip boat pier there.
The Han River-Tuy Loan Village-Thai Lai Village sightseeing boat tour will provide an opportunity for visitors to enjoy the beauty of the city’s bridges across the river, the La Huong vegetable growing area in Cam Le District, the Tuy Loan Village Communal House, the Tich Thien Duong house, and numerous fruit-laden orchards in Thai Lai Village.
In an attempt to develop tourism products featuring the special characteristics of the land and people of Hoa Vang District, Mr Nguyen Thuc Dung from the district’s Culture and Sports Office stressed the need to make the existing popular tourist sites more attractive to both domestic and foreign visitors.
Top priority should be given to promoting community-based eco-tourism in Thai Lai Village because this type of tourism will prove effective in this rural area.
Peaceful Hoa Trung Lake
About 20 km west of Da Nang, Hoa Trung Lake in Hoa Vang District’s Hoa Lien Commune supplies water for the daily lives and agricultural activities of local residents in the Hoa Son and Hoa Lien communes.
The lake boasts a peaceful and simply charming beauty with numerous artificial floating isles and smooth green grass.
During the days of shallow water, the lakeside area is larger and looks like a vast and quiet steppe.
Visitors to the site will also be impressed by the images of a Vietnamese rural village, such as herds of cows and buffalo eating on the grass, and white storks flying across the sky.
Thanks to its impressive beauty, the lake has now become very popular with residents from Da Nang who want to take part in outdoor activities or stay overnight here with their friends and family members.
In addition, the site is drawing a great attention from the city’s amateur photographers who want to capture the amazing beauty of the lake.
Local photographer Minh Tran said that he often takes photos at the lake, and sees many young couples from Da Nang visiting there to shoot beautiful photos before their weddings.
Ngoc (Ruby) Island - an attractive venue for outdoor activities
Located about 15km off the Da Nang coast, Ngoc (Ruby) Island is an excelllent place for anyone who wants to enjoy relaxing moments away from the hustle and bustle of the city, or fascinating outdoor activities with their relatives and friends.
The island is locally called by several different names such as Hon Chao, Hon Son Tra and Han Island.
It can be reached in 10 minutes by speedboat or 40 minutes by tourist boat from the Han River.
Despite being only 1.5km wide, the island features mountains, waters and large rocks heaped together.
It is home to diverse and rich marine animal and plant populations, including 144 species of corals, 135 species of seaweed, and 162 species of colourful fish.
Visitors to the venue can enjoy the sounds of splashing waves and wind whilst walking barefoot on the white sand.
In addition, they can take the opportunity to participate in interesting water sports, including jet-skiing, kayak racing, parachute surfing, and going fishing with local fishermen.
Mr Ho Minh Dung from Ha Noi’s Hoan Kiem District said that he was deeply impressed by the fascinating activities on the island, such as going seine net fishing, collecting rock and 'vu nang' (her breast) snails, and diving to explore the colourful corals and fish.
Hai Van Pass, a challenge for new and experienced bikers
The 24km scenic and zigzagging road of the Hai Van Pass is always a favourite of motorbike adventurers.
The top of Hai Van Pass, which is the frontier between Thua Thien-Hue Province and Da Nang City, still boasts the historic brick Hai Van Gate, built under the Tran dynasty in 1470, when King Tran Nhan Tong proclaimed that Hai Van was ‘the most marvelous wonder'.
The pass, popular for motorbike drivers since the Hai Van Tunnel became operational in 2005, is quiet and safe for off-road bikers and tourists.
But the bends on the road still challenge drivers with a 15 percent uphill slope.
The mountain top is always covered by clouds, and often has a cool temperature of about 17 degrees Celsius.
Drivers can face difficulties due to fog on rainy days and also late in the evening.
Tourists can reach the top of the pass and return to find a rest stop at the base of the mountain in Da Nang.
The Mekong Hai Van rest stop at the base of the mountain is often a stop for trans-Viet Nam travellers, and for camping as well as a rendezvous point for weekend team-building activities.
It's also the first stop just 2km after the Hai Van Tunnel – the longest tunnel in ASEAN, connecting Thua Thien-Hue province and Da Nang city – for people travelling a long distance by bus or motorbikes.
The main two-storey building, with a 200m–diameter conical structure, has souvenir shops and food corners for visitors.
Pham Van Tuan, the manager of the Mekong Hai Van restaurant, said three restaurants with 2,500 seats offered a large and relaxed space for travellers.
Am Phu Cave – a mysterious trip to hell
Da Nang’s Marble Mountains is renowned for its numerous mysterious caves.
Most notably, the Am Phu (Hell) Cave is the longest and most mysterious at this tourist site.
The 302m-long cave is located inside Thuy Son (Water Mountain), which is one of the 5 mountains symbolising the basic elements of ancient oriental philosophy.
The arches of the natural cave range from 45m to 50m, and there are impressive rock formations featuring the Buddhist perception of hell or purgatory.
The cave has 2 sets of stairs - one up to heaven, and the other down to hell.
Buddhist monk Thich Hue Hung was monitoring the restoration of the cave between 2003 and 2006.
In his explanation of the Buddhist philosophy of causality, he said that those who did good deeds in life would be guaranteed a trip to the cave’s 'Thien Thai Gioi' (Paradise) immediately upon their death, whilst anyone committing wrong or evil actions would descend to the 10 circles of hell, and especially to the ‘Nguc A Ty’ (A Ty Jail), which is the cave’s deepest point.
Walking through the impressive stalactites and stalagmites, visitors cannot fail to be impressed by the cave’s Purgatory section, through which sinners’ souls must first pass to be punished.
There is also a court where hell’s judges evaluate a sinner's acts and decide on the level of punishment.
In the middle of the cave is a statue of the Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva who is often referred to as the Bodhisattva of the Hell beings.
Here, a spiritual scale is used to weigh one’s good and bad deeds.
Most notably, the cave has many man-made sculptures showing threatening scenes of punishment.
The Am Phu Cave features a harmonious combination of folklore and Buddhism's valuable philosophy of humanity.
The scenes of horror mentioned-above intend to educate human beings about doing good deeds in life and to ‘turn over a new leaf’ to stop a bad habit or make a positive change to their characters.
Hoa My Sakyamuni Buddha Statue
The Hoa My Sakyamuni Buddha Statue is situated near the Quang Minh Pagoda in Lien Chieu District’s Hoa Minh Ward, about 7km west of the inner city.
The 20m-high statue sits on a 10m-high lotus-shaped pedestal.
Built in 1965, the statue has 5 floors inside.
The 1st floor, with a diameter of 9.6m, has been used as a Buddhist library for the past 5 years.
On the left-hand side of the 1st floor’s front door, 29 internal steps lead up to the 2nd floor which is an exhibition area for Buddha statues, calligraphic paintings, and pictures of Bodhidharma.
From the 2nd floor, there is a 26-step staircase leading to the 3rd floor which showcases calligraphy and watercolour paintings.
From here, a further 23 steps lead up to the 4th floor and the display of a Buddha Shakyamuni Statue, and another 23 lead visitors to the top floor.
Between the 4th and 5th floors there is a 60cm-diameter circular window from which visitors can enjoy an amazing panoramic view of this part of the city.
Tran Thi Ly Bridge - a striking landmark
Da Nang’s Tran Thi Ly Bridge is the fifth bridge up the Han River, about 1 km south of the Rong (Dragon) Bridge.
The construction of the 1,709 billion VND bridge began in April 2009, and it was officially opened to traffic on 29 March 2013.
With its suspension cables, the bridge forms an upside-down capital “Y” and is intended to look like sails facing towards the East Sea.
The bridge has emerged as a must-see feature of Da Nang and an ideal place for visitors who like taking souvenir photos during their stay in the city.
It is believed that the bridge, with the image of sails filled with wind, not only shows charming and gentle characteristics, but also symbolises the city’s aspirations for further development in the future.
It has one of the most unique architectural styles of all the bridges in Viet Nam.
A striking feature of its design is the 145m-high, backwards-leaning single tower which creates the eye-catching form of the bridge.
The bridge was named after Vietnamese revolutionary activist Tran Thi Ly from Quang Nam Province’s Dien Ban District, whose real name was Tran Thi Nham.
She was a member of the Viet Nam People’s Army and the South Viet Nam Liberation Army.
During the past two resistance wars, even though Miss Ly was brutally and inhumanely tortured in the prisons of the invaders, she showed her indomitable spirit and admirable bravery, and she never revealed any of Viet Nam’s revolutionary strategies and plans to the enemy.
Before the building of the Tran Thi Ly Bridge could begin, an older bridge had to be removed from the same site.
Built by the French over 60 years ago, the De Lattre Bridge was the first bridge to span across the Han River.
In the 1950s, experts from the USA arrived in Da Nang to conduct surveys on the Son Tra Peninsula and the Marble Mountains.
At that time, the French colonisers embarked on turning Da Nang into a military base through the construction of new infrastructure and upgrading the existing.
Amongst the new constructions was the De Lattre Bridge to link the inner-city with the port of Da Nang.
The bridge had the important role of facilitating the transport of aid coming in from the USA to the French in the city.
By 1955, all the local streets whose names were in French had been renamed in Vietnamese, except for Pasteur and Yersin streets which were named after two great benefactors of humanity.
During this period, the De Lattre Bridge was renamed the Trinh Minh The Bridge after a military official under the Republic of Viet Nam during the 1954 - 1975 period.
Con Market - largest wholesale and retail venue in central region
The Con Market at 318 Ong Ich Khiem Street in Da Nang’s Hai Chau District is now the largest wholesale and retail venue in the central region, with over 2,000 traders operating there.
Its reputation entitles the market to first position in the category of local markets on the website of the Da Nang Markets and Fairs Exhibition Management Company at hctl-danang.com.vn.
The market was first established in the 1940s on a hillock at the centre of the city.
At that time, it was a perfect trading venue for the many traders from the city and the rural districts of Dai Loc, Que Son and Thang Binh in Quang Nam Province.
The traders sold their locally-grown agricultural products, mainly fresh vegetables and poultry.
A rebuild of the market started in December 1984.
It took over 3 months to complete the construction, and it was officially inaugurated on 29 March 1985 to mark the 10th anniversary of the city’s liberation.
The new market incorporated a 3,480 m2 3-storey building, two 1,562 m2 2-storey buildings, and a block of single-storey houses with a total area of 8,828 m2, along with a number of other auxiliary facilities.
There were 1,473 traders in the market, and many local cooperatives, private businesses and limited companies became involved in trading activities there.
Various types of goods were sold at the venue to satisfy the increasing shopping demands of the local residents, and tens of thousands of customers were welcomed every day.
The market was at one time renamed Da Nang Commercial Centre.
The current Con Market is now not only a shopping venue in the inner city, but a must-see destination for tourists visiting the beautiful seaside city.
The market sells whatever you want to buy.
Da Den - a hidden gem for outdoor activities
Da Den (Black Rock) is a beautiful spot on the northern side of Da Nang’s Son Tra Peninsula, and it can be reached by tourist boat from the Han River.
It is an ideal place for outdoor activities with relatives and friends.
As its name suggests, Da Den features many large black rocks heaped together, which creates beautiful viewing angles.
In the nearby waters there is a wide variety of marine creatures such as red snapper, goby, grouper, littorina littorea, scallop, and “vu nang” (her breast) snail which was thought to be only found on the Cu Lao Cham Island off Hoi An.
Visitors to Da Den can take the opportunity to go fishing with local fishermen or dive to explore the coral reefs.
Apart from a fine beach for sunbathing and swimming, it is also a perfect place for building a campfire or for organising interesting teambuilding activities.
In order to provide easier access for visitors, a pier for the tourist boats is planned to be built here soon.
In addition, local travel agents are planning to launch more tours to attract more visitors, both domestic and foreign.
Wax Museum gaining in popularity
Located at Da Nang’s Ba Na Hills Resort, the first-ever Wax Museum in Viet Nam has become very popular with local residents, and domestic and foreign visitors.
The museum, created in an ancient French architectural style, has 10 different display areas which feature about 50 wax replicas of world-renowned politicians, athletes and movie stars.
They include the US President Barack Obama, the Russian President Vladimir Putin, the former South African President Nelson Mandela, the late martial artist Bruce Lee, the Chinese martial artist Jet Li, soccer stars David Beckham and Lionel Messi, movie stars Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, and the late singer Michael Jackson.
The real-size replicas are made of a mixture of beeswax and plastic.
Visitors to the museum will have an opportunity to take photos of the wax figures of their idols, and learn about how waxworks are made, at a factory in the museum.
In addition, there is an area for visitors to make their own waxworks.
After 10 months of operation, the museum now welcomes an estimated 1,000 people per day.
The admission fee is 50,000 VND per person.
But Beach – wonderfully relaxing
But (Buddha) Beach is a beautiful spot on the Son Tra Peninsula, and a must-see place for lovers of ecology.
According to legend, in the time of Emperor Minh Mang, local fishermen discovered a statue of the Goddess of Mercy on the beach, and a temple dedicated to the goddess was built on the site.
Since then, local residents have enjoyed peaceful and prosperous lives, and the area is known as But (Buddha) Beach.
Just about 20 minutes from the city centre, But Beach has become a popular destination for both domestic and foreign visitors over recent years because its natural environment is a perfect example of the harmony between mountains and sea.
Besides being a fine beach for sunbathing and swimming, it is a perfect place for diving to discover the amazing and colourful underwater world of corals and other marine creatures.
In addition, the beach is home to numerous rare plants and animals which are listed in the national Red Book.
Visitors to the beach will also have the opportunity to enjoy a wide range of delicious food and drinks, focusing on local specialities which are served at reasonable prices.
Additionally, there are several water sports and fun beach activities here, such as sailing, surfing and jet-skiing.
In an effort to make But Beach an ideal holiday destination in Da Nang, the construction of the But Beach Bay Complex Resort, one of the city’s large-scale tourism projects, began on 30 April 2004.
The 19 million USD project will cover 199,786m2 of land and 100,500m2 of water, and will become one of the leading luxury resorts in the central region.
The property will feature luxury villas, conference and service centres, a 5-star hotel, and other facilities.
Its design is a perfect combination of modern-style architecture and the cultural characteristics of the coastal central region.
The 1st stage of the project will comprise about 140 luxury garden villas and over 100 bungalows.
The classic-style villas and bungalows are nestled in the hillsides, surrounded by trees of varying shades of green.
Although the project is under construction, many foreigners are showing a keen interest in buying these wonderful villas.
A 5-star 17-storey hotel will be built on an area of 34,432m2 in the project’s 2nd phase.
It will offer wonderful stays with a nice panoramic overview of Da Nang and beautiful sunny beaches for its guests.
In addition, the hotel will provide unforgettable experiences and opportunities to enjoy great sunrise and sunset moments.
Most notably, the Family Hotel, the first of its kind in the But Beach Complex, will be situated at the centre of the project.
This hotel will be a good choice for guests wanting value for money with unlimited numbers of people allowed to stay in one room and use all the hotel’s services.
For the 3rd stage of the project, a square will be built on the But Beach and it will become an attractive shopping area and an excellent avenue to host traditional cultural festivals, and international fairs and exhibitions.
In addition, there will be an exhibition area to display the city’s artworks, and to introduce its history and development to visitors.
The most impressive feature of the resort will be a special area for water, sound and light shows.
Guests will be treated to exciting and thrilling performances.
It is expected that the But Beach Bay Complex Resort in particular, and the But Beach Tourist Area in general, will emerge as Da Nang’s most attractive and romantic destination for travellers from home and abroad.
The beach will be the best place to get close to the natural world, and a truly peaceful place to relax.
Tho Quang fishing village
Just about 8km northeast of Da Nang’s centre, the Tho Quang fishing village in Son Tra District is proud of the solidarity among its local residents.
In addition, villagers are honest and live in harmony with nature.
They all feel very happy when they bring home bumper catches.
All of the village’s men go offshore fishing and their wives help their husbands to take their seafood catches to markets for sale.
The villagers depend directly on fishing activities for their livelihood.
Like other craft villages in Viet Nam, the skilled local villagers make their own fishing tackle to help them to catch more fish.
In spite of all the difficulties and challenges in their lives, the villagers show solidarity and support for each other.
The local fishermen help each other while fishing at sea in situations of bad weather or other dangers.
Although they have a habit of talking loudly, they are hard-working, gentle, honest, friendly, kind and helpful people.
Fishing is a dangerous job and fishermen often work under extreme conditions at sea.
Therefore, various events are held every year in the village to show the local fishermen’s strong desire for safe offshore fishing trips, with bumper catches.
These include the whale worship cult, and the annual “Cau Ngu” festival.
The events feature a number of solemn traditional rituals to pray for happiness and prosperity throughout the year, as well as for a safe and profitable fishing season.
Apart from being involved in fishing activities, the Tho Quang fishing village is also well-known for its fish sauce-making.
It is very famous for many types of mam (salted fish) such as mam nem (a type of fish sauce, made from small fish or small shrimps) and mam ruoc (fermented shrimp paste).
In particular, the village’s mam ruoc is very popular with the city’s people.
The mam products are an indispensable dipping sauce with the daily meals of residents in the central region.
Cam Le kho me cake village
Cam Le village is situated in Cam Le District’s Khue Trung Ward, and is well-known for its kho me (sesame) cake making.
Visitors to this village will fall in love with the scenic beauty and peaceful atmosphere of the landscape here.
Kho me cake is a speciality of Quang Nam Province and Da Nang, and Cam Le village has the best reputation in Viet Nam.
The village is home to 6 cake production establishments which create job opportunities for over 50 local people.
Amongst local cake producers, the brand name ‘Mrs Lieu’ is very famous in both domestic and foreign markets.
This brand name is owned by Huynh Thi Dieu whose production facility is located on the northern side of the Cam Le Bridge.
Kho me cakes are made from glutinous flour, rice flour, granulated sugar, ginger, and sesame seeds.
The rice flour is mixed with the glutinous flour, then poured into a mould to be steamed and then dried.
Next, the cakes are coated in sugar or sesame.
The ones that are coated in sugar are called “kho no”, whilst those coated in sesame are called “kho me”.
The delicious cakes are soft with well-dried sesame, and when they are broken the sugar must be like thin yellow silk cords.
Local families usually put these cakes on their altars on the death anniversaries of their relatives or at Tet.
Cam Le banh kho me has made it into the list of the top 10 most well-known Vietnamese gift specialities.
Visitors to this village can buy these cakes and give them as gifts to their relatives and friends.
This is one of the local specialties which many visitors are interested in.
Today, kho me cakes are sold across the whole country, as well as abroad.
Tuy Loan rice paper village
About 15km southwest of Da Nang, the Tuy Loan ancient village is located in Hoa Vang District’s Hoa Phong Commune.
It boasts beautiful scenery and the unique characteristics of a typical Vietnamese rural village.
Despite its many ups and downs over the past 5 centuries, local residents are proud of the village's many old houses, its history, its beautiful setting and its many interesting features which include an old banyan tree, a boat station, and a communal house.
Villagers also take pride in their My Quang (Quang rice noodles) speciality and their rice paper making.
Soft rice paper is one of the most popular foods at Tet.
Although there are many different types of rice paper, Tuy Loan’s is the most famous because of its unique method of production and its amazing flavours of garlic and ginger.
It has become very popular with local residents and both domestic and overseas visitors.
In order to make the tasty rice paper, deliciously scented rice from the winter-spring crop is used.
Tuy Loan’s rice paper tastes very different from similar products produced elsewhere thanks to its special recipe which includes various spice mixes such as dipping sauce, salt, sugar, garlic and sesame.
Also unlike elsewhere in the country, Tuy Loan’s villagers dry their products on charcoal fires instead of drying them in the sun, which prevents any mould formation.
If you visit this village, you will have an unforgettable experience enjoying delicious My Quang accompanied by Tuy Loan’s rice paper.
Nam O fish sauce village
Nestled on Hoa Hiep Ward, Lien Chieu District, the Nam O village is well-known for its fish sauce-making.
Its product wins the trust of customers both at home and abroad.
Established in the early 20th century, Nam O is a small fishing village which is regarded as one of the best producers of this delicious dipping sauce.
The Nam O village used to support itself by producing firecrackers until the government imposed a ban on them in 1995.
The Nam O brand of fish sauce tastes very different from similar products from elsewhere in the country thanks to its special recipe.
An Association of the Nam O Fish Sauce Village has been established and is recognised by the National Office of Intellectual Property of Viet Nam.
In addition, the Association has been granted a collective label for its fish sauce product.
Nam O fish sauce is made from long-jawed anchovies with a high protein content which are caught in the 3rd lunar month.
Its delicious taste is partly attributed to the fish mixed with salt which is sourced from Ca Na Beach in Ninh Thuan Province.
The grains of this salt are white, well-dried, and larger than the salt from other localities.
It is dried on a cement floor for between five and seven days, and it is then stored in pottery vats for a few of years before being used to salt the fish.
The process of salting the fish starts from the 3rd lunar month and the sauce-making will be finished in the days leading up to the next Tet Festival.
Nam O fish sauce is dark red and has a very nice aroma.
The fish must be freshly caught and of medium size.
They are cleaned in sea water before being preserved, not fresh water because this takes away their taste and smell and the fish can go off easily during the long preservation period.
The vats must be made from special woods, including jackfruit wood.
The fish is mixed with salt and layered in the jars.
Over the top layer is placed a grid of bamboo or dried areca bark.
The vat is carefully sealed and kept in a dark, dry, clean and cool place away from the wind.
After six or seven months, the fish is stirred.
When a white yeast substance forms on the top, the grid is taken off.
At the beginning of the lunar new year, the preserved mixture is filtered through a piece of silk to create the dark red fish sauce.
Despite its many ups and downs over the past 2 centuries, fish sauce-making in this village still flourishes today due to its special secret recipe. At Tet or on other special occasions, many people in the city and from localities beyond seek to buy bottles of Nam O fish sauce because of its special flavour.
Cam Ne sedge mat-making village
Located in Hoa Tien Commune, Hoa Vang District, just about 14km south-west of Da Nang's centre, the Cam Ne Village is widely known for its long-standing sedge mat-making craft.
These beautifully-coloured mats are used for sleeping on.
Senior villagers said that the craft originated in Thanh Hoa Province’s Hoang Hoa District and it was introduced to Da Nang in the 15th century by immigrants from this Thanh Hoa.
After that, Cam Ne’s craft developed strongly and became well-known under the Nguyen Dynasty.
The mats were used by the Nguyen royal family and many artisans from the village were honoured by the Nguyen emperors.
Despite its many ups and downs over the past 6 centuries, sedge mat-making in this village is still flourishing today.
Mat makers require skilful hands and an artist's eye to create these beautiful and quality products.
Sedges are cleaned, dyed in various colours, and then dried under the sun.
Then they are soaked in water to become soft before they are used to make the mats.
Once produced, the mats are cleaned and made smooth before sale.
Cam Ne sedge mats are more durable and thicker than similar products from other localities, and users will feel cool in the summer and warm in the winter.
A pair of mats 1.6m wide x 2m long sells for 500,000VND.
Nam O Beach – a wonderful gift of nature
Nestled in Hoa Hiep Nam Ward, Lien Chieu District, just about 17km north-west of Da Nang’s centre, Nam O Beach boasts stunning scenery and it is truly nature’s wonderful gift.
This beach is best viewed at low tide when a large area of rock and sandy shoreline is exposed.
It shelters a large population of rare fish and other marine species, and has a moderate slope with clear blue water and white sand stretching along the foot of a mountain.
From here, visitors can reach the Son Tra peninsula by road along the mountain or by boat to the west coast, or visit a village of the Co Tu ethnic group in Hoa Vang District’s Hoa Bac Commune.
According to locals, the name “Nam O” means the south of O District (a very old location).
The Nam O village used to support itself by producing firecrackers until the government imposed a ban on them in 1995.
Nowadays, the villagers make nuoc mam (fish sauce) and goi ca.
The latter is a kind of Vietnamese sushi: fresh, raw fish fillets marinated in a special sauce and coated in a spicy powder.
It is served with fresh vegetables in rice-paper rolls.
You will find it for sale on the beach in the summer, or look out for it in the village.
Developed in the early 1960s, Nam O Beach is frequented by local residents.
Some stilt houses have now been built for tourism purposes.
Nam O Beach has increased in popularity since the Xuan Thieu (Red) Beach Resort was built.
The beach has also been incorporated into a project to embellish landscapes and solve the problems of pollution.
An 800-metre road linking the Nam O Bridge with the beach resorts will be constructed in the near future.
Qua Giang Communal House
The Qua Giang Communal House is situated in Qua Giang Village, Hoa Phuoc Commune, Hoa Vang District, Da Nang.
It was built in 1821 and it is an interesting place for those who want to learn more about the history and culture of a Vietnamese ancient village.
The site is home to the holy temple of Quan Thanh De Quan, the saint who has been praised for his resplendent symbol of morality, loyalty, faith, frankness and righteousness.
In addition, it is dedicated to the founding members of Qua Giang Village’s 4 clans, named Dinh, Le, Tran and Nguyen.
In the reign of Lord Nguyen, these clans from the northern region together founded Qua Giang Village which originally consisted of Qua Giang, Giang Nam, Tra Kiem, An Luu and Con Mong areas.
The house is a great example of the architectural style of the Nguyen dynasty, with its pantile roofs and brick walls.
It features 2 parts - the front house and the main temple terrace, and 2 covered corridors connect these parts to form a rectangular-shaped structure.
The front house has 8 main wood pillars, each measuring 5m in height.
The rafters are patterned after "Chong ruong - Gia thu" and are carved with stylised floral and animal designs.
The main temple terrace has three sections with four roofs.
The pillars against the walls are carved with dragon’s heads, the word “longevity” written in Chinese script, and floral designs.
The doors were made by skilful carpenters from Kim Bong Village in Hoi An.
The temple’s roof is decorated with two dragons turning their heads and looking at each other, a well-matched pair of phoenixes, unicorns and tortoises.
According to Vietnamese beliefs, these are the 4 sacred animals which symbolise power, intellect, longevity and nobility.
They are all encrusted with shards of pottery.
The communal house was recognised as a historical and cultural relic on 1 February 2000 by the Ministry of Culture and Information.
To commemorate the village’s founders, ceremonies are held annually at the communal house on the 20th day of the 2nd lunar month, and the 12th day of the 7th lunar month.
Ninh Binh Province: Legendary land in “Kong: Skull Island”
(TITC) – The tourist sites of Ninh Binh Province including the World heritage site of Trang An Landscape Complex, Tam Coc – Bich Dong, Van Long Wetland Natural Reserve… have been chosen as filming locations for the blockbuster movie Kong: Skull Island.
In the movie, Trang An Lanscape Complex showed up a spectacular landscape of limestone karst complex and mysterious valleys.
The beautifull wild land has not been affected by human activities.
Located in Ninh Hai Commune, Hoa Lu District, Tam Coc (meaning Three Grottoes) was formed in dramic, jagged limestone rocks, with Ngo Dong river bending around.
Weathered rocks form many unique shapes creating magic scene for the movie.
Bich Dong was long ago named “The second most beautifull grotto in the country”.
Covering an area of 3,500 ha, Van Long is the largest wetland natural reserve in Red River Delta.
This is a wild and spacious area with rocky mounts and caves and serves as home to thousand of fauna and flora.
Van Long is considered as “Waveless bay” with tranquil water surface like a giant mirror reflecting spectacular natural sceneries.
Kong: Skull Island has set a new record box office revenue in the opening day in Viet Nam.
Released worldwide, the blockbuster movie with breathtaking footage, overwhelming of wild nature scene, will give a leverage to attract more international tourists to visit the places in Ninh Binh that appear in the movie.
The Yen Tu Cherry – Yellow Apricot Blossom Festival 2017 opened at Ha Long
The Yen Tu Cherry – Yellow Apricot Blossom Festival 2017 opened at Ha Long City Square in the northern province of Quang Ninh on March 11.
It is the fifth-time Quang Ninh has held a cherry blossom festival and the second time that Yen Tu’s iconic yellow apricot blossoms are being displayed at the event, which is co-hosted by the provincial People’s Committee and Japan's Wanokai International Culture Association.
In his opening speech, Chairman of Ha Long City People’s Committee Pham Hong Ha said that the festival sought to provide interesting cultural experiences for visitors while strengthening friendship between Quang Ninh and Japanese localities.The opening night featured a fashion show of traditional Vietnamese and Japanese costumes as well as folk songs and dances performed by artists from the two countries.
A total of 5,000 branches and 50 cherry blossom trees, plus 60 yellow apricot trees planted in Yen Tu mountain range are on display during the five-day event.
Da Nang fireworks competition set to light up the sky
The 2015 Da Nang International Fireworks Competition (DIFC) themed “A Symphony of Colours” is expected to attract five teams, including South Africa, the US, Australia, Poland and the host, Da Nang. The competition is scheduled for April 28-29, 2015 on the banks of the Han River.
Bach Dang Street, Tran Hung Dao Street, Han River Bridge and Thuan Phuoc Bridge should be ideal places for local people and tourists to enjoy the interesting event.
REX HOTEL SAIGON
Introduce
Conference
Strategically located at the best of downtown Saigon, The Rex Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel heritage dating back to early 20th century when it was originally opened as a French garage.
For over 80 years, the Rex has been as a landmark, as well as a witness of the ups and downs of the city’s history, features 286 sheer luxury rooms and suites, 5 restaurants &amp; bar and 8 distinctive function rooms, caters to all your corporate needs with a full complement of facilities &amp; services for your events.
Add: 76 Le Lai St., Dist.1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
 Tel: 84.8.38292185 | Fax: 84.8.38296536 |
Email:rexhotel@rex.com.vn
GRAND HOTEL SAIGON
Grand Hotel Saigon has several equipped function spaces ideal for meetings and weddings. Offering a fusion of contemporary style and French colonial accents, Grand Hotel makes for a stylish base ideal for business trips and vacation stays in this side of Vietnam.
Add: 132 – 134 Dong Khoi St., Dist.1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
 Tel:
Email:info@grandhotel.vn
BINHQUOI TOURIST VILLAGE
Introduce
BINH QUOI 1 RESORT
- 600-seat restaurant, garden with large lawn is ideal place to organize banquets and festivals.
- services: rowing, ship cruise on the river, taking photo - filming, fishing, lodging families, meeting room, the folk games.
- Meets Assembly Hall: where to store the memories of friends and the general public with composer Trinh Cong Son.
- Cuisine ”Khan Hoang Nam Bo”: Weekend buffet with Southern delicacies.
+ Friday and Saturday: 17h - 20h.
+ Sunday, Public Holidays: 11h - 14h &amp; 17h - 20h.
BINH QUOI 2 RESORT
- Restaurant
- services: meeting room, swimming pool, tennis, 40 bulgalow, ship travel.
Cuisine "Coastal Delicious": weekend buffet with seafood dishes selected from coastal localities : Saturday, Sunday &amp; public holidays from 17h - 20h.
BINH QUOI 3 RESORT
- 400-seat Restaurant, large lawn.
- services: Meeting room, parties, birthdays, review last year.
Quan Xua coffee store.
TAN CANG RESORT
- Services :
+ Meeting room.
+ 2 tennis courts
+ Wedding. Parties, birthdays. Review last year.
+ “Hot Pot &amp; Babecue” Buffet, from Monday to Sunday: 17h-21h.
+ With the air-conditioned restaurant, the garden restaurant, large lawn, barbecue.
Add: Binh Thanh District, Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam
Tel: (84.8) 5566020 | Fax: (84.8) 5565469 | Email:binhquoi@hcm.fpt.vn
HOTEL CONTINENTAL SAIGON
Introduce
The Hotel Continental is nestled among the classical buildings of old Saigon, such as the Opera House, Notre Dame Cathedral and the Ho Chi Minh City People’s Committee.
While Dong Khoi Street continues to live on with its hustle and bustle, the Hotel Continental Saigon maintains the charm and majesty of its classical past with its original architecture and tiled roofs.
It includes 83 rooms and an interior garden.
Inside this venerable building a new generation of staff are dedicated to offering travellers a wonderful and relaxing stay in Ho Chi Minh City – one that they will remember fondly for a long time.
Add: 132 – 134 Dong Khoi St., Dist.1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Tel: (84-8) 38299201 | Fax: (84-8) 3841772 | Email:continentalhotel@vnn.vn
KIMDO ROYAL HOTEL SAIGON
Introduce
A 4-star venue offers a level of service and comfort designed to insure that both business and leisure travelers who visit this emerging and bustling new gateway city of Asia will find charming hospitality and personalized service.
Perfectly located right in the heart of Ho Chi Minh City, Royal Hotel Saigon offers easy access to government offices, major business buildings, tourist attractions, shopping and entertainment areas.
Add: 133 Nguyen Hue Blvd.,Dist.1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Tel: (84-8) 38225914 | Fax: (84-8) 38225913 | Email:hotel@royalhotelsaigon.com
SAIGON - MUI NE RESORT
Introduce
Add: 56 - 97 Nguyen Dinh Chieu St., Ham Tien, Phan Thiet City, Binh Thuan Province, Vietnam
Tel: (84)62 3847303 - 3847324 | Fax: (84)62 3847307 | Email:info@saigonmuinehotel.com
Tour program
Bangkok-Pattaya - 4&amp;3 star hotel
4.66/5 in 364 evaluation
Tour code: NNSGN135-076-010417TG-U
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 01/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 3
8,490,000 VND
7,790,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sightseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI CITY - BANGKOK: (Lunch - Dinner)
Vietravel's tour guide picks you up at the airport to take the flight to Bangkok.
Have snacks on the plane.
At Suvarnabhumi airport (To VN, TG airlines)/ Don Muang (for DD airline), the local coach tour guide takes you to check in at a 4-star hotel.
After having dinner, you will enjoy Nanta Show – In the show, young actors and actresses will use kitchen cookware combined with vivid storyline to introduce the cleverness of artists as well as typical foods of Korea Republic.
After the show, you will return to the hotel to get rest.
Day 2 : BANGKOK - PATTAYA: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
After having lunch, the tour will depart to Pattaya - a famous tourism city of Thailand; and visit Thai Swiftlet Center on the way to get to understand about the processes of collecting and processing swiftlet nets in Thailand.
Enjoy dinner, check in and get rest at the hotel in the evening.
Day 3 : PATTAYA: (Breakfast - Lunch – Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You get on a high-speed boat to visit Atoll Island - The biggest island in Pattaya with the area of about 4km2, including clean and beautiful beaches where you can freely take bath in the sea or participate in activities on the sea such as scuba diving, windsurfing, snowboarding, skydiving, swimming, snorkeling (expenses excluded).
Have lunch, the tour continues to visit Gems Gallery and Ethnic Cultural Village Nong Nooch with cultural performances, Thai martial art fighting and special performances of elephants.
After having dinner, you can enjoy unique Tiffany program performed by male actors who have undergone reassignment surgery.
Return to the hotel to get rest.
Day 4 : PATTAYA - BANGKOK: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
The tour returns to Bangkok, you will visit the Snake Farm and the biggest Tanning Center in Bangkok.
Next, you will continue to visit Safari World - the most famous natural zoo in Thailand where you will be taken to visit Safari Natural Zoo, with many rare and valuable species.
Have lunch at Safari World.
In the afternoon, you will enjoy performances of dolphins, spy 007, etc.
In the evening, you will enjoy buffet at Baiyoke Sky (a 80-floor building) and gaze at Bangkok at night.
Day 5 : BANGKOK - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
After having breakfast at the hotel, you will visit Wat Traimit Pagoda with the world's biggest 5m-high and 5.5-ton golden sitting Buddha that is believed to be from 700 to 800 years old.
Afterward, you freely go shopping at supermarkets and then the tour guide will take you to the airport to catch the flight to Ho Chi Minh City on schedule.
Return to Tan Son Nhat Airport and end the tour.
Head of the Tour say goodbye to you.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Xem nội dung đầy đủ tại: https://en.travel.com.vn/tourNNSGN135-076-010417TG-U/bangkok-pattaya-khach-san-4sao-3sao-tang-ve-xem-nanta-show.aspx?TO=1
Nguồn: travel.com.vn
Tour program
Bangkok-Pattaya - 3 star hotel (Special Deal)
4.69/5 in 359 evaluation
Tour code: NNSGN133-062-020417VZ-G
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 02/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 1
6,590,000 VND
5,890,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sightseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - BANGKOK (Dinner)
Vietravel's tour guide will pick you up at Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch a flight to Jakarta.
Arriving at Suvarnabhumi airport (VietJet) or Don Muong airport (Air asia, Nok Air), the local coach and tour guide pick you up and take you to visit crowded and bustling “City of Angles" Bangkok.
You visit Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall - a marble palace which was constructed by Rama V King in accordance with Italian Renaissance architecture to be a place for receiving foreign guests and organizing meetings of the Royal Advisory Council on the country development issues.
Inside, there are masterpieces of wood carvings, jewelry, meticulous embroideries which are made by the skilled hands of artisans who create excellent products for the Thai Royal and may make you admired a lot.
After the visit, the coach will take you to have dinner at a local restaurant.
You will enjoy Nanta Show - In the show, young actors and actresses will use kitchen cookware combined with vivid storyline to introduce the cleverness of artists as well as typical foods of Korea Republic. This is a popular show in Korea Republic which has appeared in Thailand.
After the show, you will return to the hotel to get rest.
Notes: When visiting the palace, female tourists must wear knee length skirts. If wearing short pants or skirts, female tourists must buy sarongs (sold here at 50 Baht/piece) - traditional skirts of Thai girls to express the respect to the Royal.
All mobile phones and cameras must be deposited at the storage area before entering the palace.
Day 2 : BANGKOK - PATTAYA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Check out and visit Sriracha Tiger Zoo.
Afterward, you will depart to Pattaya and visit Thai Swiftlet Center to get to understand about the processes of collecting and processing swiftlet nets in Thailand.
When arriving in Pattaya, you will visit 3D Painting Museum - Hundreds of virtual 3D primitive to modern spaces will attract the tourists and it is considered as the first and the biggest 3D museum in Thailand, with an area of over 5,800 m2 along with 200 paints having various themes and contents.
You can visit Baan Sukhawadee - which was constructed magnificently on the beach and simulates Versailles Palace of France.
This is a new and attractive tourist site in Pattaya.
This is a harmonious and unique architectural complex which brings in deep humanitarian and spiritual philosophies.
After the visit, you will have dinner at a local restaurant.
Take over room at hotel to get rest or freely discover Pattaya marine city at night.
Day 3 : PATTAYA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You get on a high-speed boat to visit Atoll Island - The biggest island in Pattaya with the area of about 4km2, including clean and beautiful beaches where you can freely take bath in the sea or participate in activities on the sea such as scuba diving, windsurfing, snowboarding, skydiving, swimming, snorkeling (expenses excluded).
Have lunch, the tour continues to visit Gems Gallery and Elephant Village Pattaya - here, you will have an opportunity to witness the daily life of elephants and mahouts. You can feed the elephants by yourself.
Especially, you will also have an opportunity to sit on the back of an elephant to gaze at the interesting and thrilling landscape.
Then, visit Pattaya Sheep Farm - a new tourist site which has been established since June 2013 and is a favorite place for children.
Here, you can feed the sheep, take photos along with lovely animal (expense excluded), at the same time, you can freely enjoy fruit by season free of charge of Thailand and are taken to fruit gardens to listen to the description about the process of planting and taking care of these types of trees.
After having dinner, you can enjoy Colosseum dance and music program performed by male actors who have undergone reassignment surgery.
Return to the hotel to get rest.
Day 4 : PATTAYA - BANGKOK (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel and check out.
Leaving Pattaya, the tour will return to Bangkok. On the way, you can visit and gaze at Khao Chee Chan - which is carved by laze on the cliff and gilded with 24k gold.
The 130m-high and 70m-wide Buddha statue was constructed in 1996, with the total construction cost of 161.7 million Baht (Thai currency) and is taken care and preserved by the Royal Army.
You will be attracted by the simple beauty here with a tranquil and peaceful scene which is much different from the boisterous and crowded Pattaya City.
Visit Snake Farm to watch performance with poisonous snakes and the way to take snakes' venom, visit the biggest Tanning Center in Bangkok.
Have lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, you will freely visit and go shopping in big supermarkets in shopping malls in Bangkok such as Big C, Central World, Platinum Fashion Center, etc. Enjoy dinner by coupon at a supermarket.
Return to the hotel to get rest or freely discover Bangkok at night.
Day 5 : BANGKOK - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
After having breakfast at the hotel and check out, you will visit Wat Traimit Pagoda with the world's biggest 5m-high and 5.5-ton golden sitting Buddha that is believed to be from 700 to 800 years old.
You can freely go shopping at big supermarkets in Bangkok until go to the airport to take the flight to return to Vietnam. Return to Tan Son Nhat Airport and end the tour.
Head of the Tour say goodbye to you.
Snacks excluded in round trip flights of Vietjet (VJ) , Air Asia (FD) airlines
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Xem nội dung đầy đủ tại: https://en.travel.com.vn/tourNNSGN133-062-020417VZ-G/bangkok-pattaya-khach-san-3sao-tang-ve-xem-nanta-show-sieu-tiet-kiem.aspx?TO=1
Nguồn: travel.com.vn
Tour program
Bangkok – Pattaya - 3 Star Hotel (Special deal)
4.66/5 in 364 evaluation
Tour code: NNSGN131-067-070417VN-G
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 07/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 1
6,990,000 VND
6,290,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sightseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - BANGKOK (Dinner)
Head of the tour picks you up at the appointed gate at Tan Son Nhat airport and takes a flight to Bangkok.
Have snacks on the airplane.
At Suvarnabhumi airport (for VN, TG airlines), the local coach and tour guide receive you to visit crowded and bustling “City of Angles" Bangkok. Visit Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall - a marble palace which was constructed by Rama V King in accordance with Italian Renaissance architecture to be a place for receiving foreign guests and organizing meetings of the Royal Advisory Council on the country development issues.
Inside, there are masterpieces of wood carvings, jewelry, meticulous embroideries which are made by the skilled hands of artisans who create excellent products for the Thai Royal and may make you admired a lot.
After the visit, the coach will take you to have dinner at a local restaurant.
You will enjoy Nanta Show - In the show, young actors and actresses will use kitchen cookware combined with vivid storyline to introduce the cleverness of artists as well as typical foods of Korea Republic. This is a popular show in Korea Republic which has appeared in Thailand.
After the show, you will return to the hotel to get rest.
Notes: When visiting the palace, female tourists must wear knee length skirts. If wearing short pants or skirts, female tourists must buy sarongs (sold here at 50 Baht/piece) - traditional skirts of Thai girls to express the respect to the Royal.
All mobile phones and cameras must be deposited at the storage area before entering the palace.
Day 2 : BANGKOK - PATTAYA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Check out and visit Sriracha Tiger Zoo.
Afterward, you will depart to Pattaya and visit Thai Swiftlet Center to get to understand about the processes of collecting and processing swiftlet nets in Thailand.
When arriving in Pattaya, you will visit 3D Painting Museum - Hundreds of virtual 3D primitive to modern spaces will attract the tourists and it is considered as the first and the biggest 3D museum in Thailand, with an area of over 5,800 m2 along with 200 paints having various themes and contents.
You can visit Baan Sukhawadee - which was constructed magnificently on the beach and simulates Versailles Palace of France.
This is a new and attractive tourist site in Pattaya.
This is a harmonious and unique architectural complex which brings in deep humanitarian and spiritual philosophies.
After the visit, you will enjoy dinner at a local restaurant.
Take over room at hotel to get rest or freely discover Pattaya marine city at night.
Day 3 : PATTAYA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You get on a high-speed boat to visit Koh Larn Coral Island - The biggest island in Pattaya with the area of about 4km2, including clean and beautiful beaches where you can freely take bath in the sea or participate in activities on the sea such as scuba diving, windsurfing, snowboarding, skydiving, swimming, snorkeling (expenses excluded).
Have lunch, the tour continues to visit Gems Gallery and Elephant Village Pattaya - here, you will have an opportunity to witness the daily life of elephants and mahouts. You can feed the elephants by yourself.
Especially, you will also have an opportunity to sit on the back of an elephant to gaze at the interesting and thrilling landscape.
Then, visit Pattaya Sheep Farm - a new tourist site which has been established since June 2013 and is a favorite place for children.
Here, you can feed the sheep, take photos along with lovely animal (expense excluded), at the same time, you can freely enjoy fruit by season free of charge of Thailand and are taken to fruit gardens to listen to the description about the process of planting and taking care of these types of trees.
After enjoying dinner, you can enjoy Colosseum dance and music program performed by male actors who have undergone reassignment surgery.
Return to the hotel to get rest.
Day 4 : PATTAYA - BANGKOK (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel and check out.
Leaving Pattaya, the tour will return to Bangkok. On the way, you can visit and gaze at Khao Chee Chan - which is carved by laze on the cliff and gilded with 24k gold.
The 130m-high and 70m-wide Buddha statue was constructed in 1996, with the total construction cost of 161.7 million Baht (Thai currency) and is taken care and preserved by the Royal Army.
You will be attracted by the simple beauty here with a tranquil and peaceful scene which is much different from the boisterous and crowded Pattaya City.
Visit Snake Farm to watch performance with poisonous snakes and the way to take snakes' venom, visit the biggest Tanning Center in Bangkok.
Have lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, you will freely visit and go shopping in big supermarkets in shopping malls in Bangkok such as Big C, Central World, Platinum Fashion Center, etc. Enjoy dinner by coupon at a supermarket.
Return to the hotel to get rest or freely discover Bangkok at night.
Day 5 : BANGKOK - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
After having breakfast at the hotel and check out, you will visit Wat Traimit Pagoda with the world's biggest 5m-high and 5.5-ton golden sitting Buddha that is believed to be from 700 to 800 years old.
You can freely go shopping at big supermarkets in Bangkok until go to the airport to take the flight to return to Vietnam.
Return to Tan Son Nhat Airport and end the tour.
Head of the Tour say goodbye to you.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Xem nội dung đầy đủ tại: https://en.travel.com.vn/tourNNSGN131-067-070417VN-G/bangkok-pattaya-khach-san-3sao-tang-ve-xem-nanta-show-sieu-tiet-kiem.aspx?TO=1
Nguồn: travel.com.vn
Tour program
Chicago-Buffalo-Niagara Fall-Boston
4.69/5 in 359 evaluation
Tour code: NNSGN737-010-260417AA-U
Duration: 7 days
Departure: 26/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
74,990,000 VND
71,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Explore the architectural wonders of Chicago “the Windy City”, see the work of America’s greatest architects, learn about Buffalo’s rich history, admire one of the most magnificent world wonders, Niagara Falls, and a visit to Boston to find out its crucial role in America’s story.
But alongside all its historical sights, modern-day Boston is also known around the globe as a centre of high-tech innovation and highbrow culture, with dozens of world-class museums and colleges with the world-famous Harvard University.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sightseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - CHICAGO (Dinner)
Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall take Tourists at 190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC to depart to Tan Son Nhat airport to take a flight 08:40 am to Chicago, transit 1 and haft an hours in Narita (Japan).
You will arrive in Chicago at 16:00 pm on the same day, complete entry procedure.
The coach shall take you to enjoy dinner and check in hotel to take rest after a long flight.
Day 2 : CHICAGO - CITY TOUR (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
The coach shall take you to visit Cloud Gate, a public art works just located in the famous Millennium Park Shopping Center.
Considered as the symbol of Chicago City, Cloud Gate is also called “The Black Bean” by its appearance.
"The Black Bean" was designed by an Indian English talented architect by integration of 168 stainless pieces together.
From here, Tourists can go on sightseeing special areas of Millennium Park and Cloud Fountain.
Visit Buckingham Fountain a famous sight in Chicago, located in Grant Park.
As one of the world's the biggest fountains, Buckingham Fountain was designed from the inspiration of Latona Fountain in Versailles Palace.
Every year, it begins operating from April to October with water light shows in the evening, the fountain will be decorated with festival lamps. The coach will take you to Willis Tower Observation, enjoy a spectacular landscape when having a panoramic view of a beautiful and splendorous Chicago right at your foot with houses and quarters in hustle among streets running along the bottom of the imposing skyscrapers.
The tour day ends with the famous shopping street of Michigan Avenue, with stores full of attractive articles, free to go shopping.
Enjoy dinner and take rest at hotel.
Day 3 : CHICAGO - CITY TOUR - BUFFALO (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel and check-out.
Get on boat to visit the historic Chicago river (Chicago river cruise); enjoy an immense, free landscape of blue sky, blue river and skyline of skyscrapers with more than 40 unique architectural buildings of the splendorous city of Chicago.
Lunch at local restaurant.
Visit the famous Field Museum.
At the museum, you will have an opportunity to admire the fossils of great prehistoric creatures, notably with zoophagous dinosaurs, horned dinosaurs, etc.
Depart to airport to take a flight to Buffalo.
On arrival, you will check in hotel to take rest.
Day 4 : BUFFALO - NIAGARA - ALBANY (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Begin a journey with discovering Niagara falls on day such as: Horseshoe Fall, Bridal Veil Fall, American fall, etc.
From the falls foot, you can feel the greatness of the huge mass of water falling down from the sky, forming clouds of fog with seven glistening and fanciful colors of rainbow, etc.
Continue to be on yacht “Hornblower Niagara Cruises”, enjoy an extreme thrill when the Yacht directly confronts with this great fall.
Enjoy lunch.
Then leave Niagara for Albany.
Enjoy dinner and check in hotel to take rest.
Day 5 : ALBANY - BOSTON (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Depart to Boston.
On arrival in Boston, you will enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
Be taken to visit the village of universities: The famous Harvard University with history of more than 100 years, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Boston University.
Continue to visit The Old State House, discover the ancient street - China Town.
Free to go shopping in Quincy Market - a major food market in Boston.
Serve a famous lobster dish for dinner, then back to hotel to take rest.
Day 6 : BOSTON - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel, then depart to airport to take a flight at 13:30 from Boston back to HCMC (Transit in Narita airport).
The Tourists who stay to visit your relatives will leave the delegation inhere (Expenses excluded).
Day 7 : HO CHI MINH CITY
Upon arrival at Tan Son Nhat airport, Vietravel's coach shall take you back to 190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC.
End of the tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 7 ngày
Themed travel :
Xem nội dung đầy đủ tại: https://en.travel.com.vn/tourNNSGN737-010-260417AA-U/chicago-buffalo-niagara-fall-boston-mung-le-30-04.aspx
Nguồn: travel.com.vn
Press conference of Viet Nam International Travel Mart – VITM Ha Noi 2017
Update: Friday, March 24, 2017
Views:
(TITC) - On 24 March 2017, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam Tourism Association (VITA) in cooperation with Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) and Ha Noi’s Department of Tourism organized the press conference to introduce the 5th Viet Nam International Travel Mart – VITM Ha Noi 2017 with the theme “Ha Noi – The destination of Viet Nam”.
According to the organization board of the mart, the 5th VITM Ha Noi 2017 will take place from 6 to 9 April 2017 at Ha Noi International Centre for Exhibition (91 Tran Hung Dao Street, Hoan Kiem District).
This year, VITM Ha Noi is expected to attract about 450 booths of 652 enterprises, tourism authorities from 43 provinces, cities of Viet Nam and 25 countries and territories.
One of the highlights of VITM Ha Noi 2017 is International Street Food Festival held for the first time.
The festival will have the participations of dozens of domestic and international famous chefs with the purpose of promoting street food of Viet Nam and bringing visitors unique street food experiences of Viet Nam and some countries in the region.
VITM Ha Noi 2017 will focus on B2B meeting with the presence of buyer group from U.S.A lead by Vice Chairman of American Society of Travel Agents (ASTA).
Especially, within the framework of the mart, the signing ceremony of cooperation agreement between the Viet Nam Society of Travel Agents and ASTA will take place.
Besides, VITM 2017 also boosts inbound, outbound and domestic tourism through activities of direct sales (B2C); product &amp; destination presentations, etc.
The tourism stimulus programs at the mart are also expected to attract the attention of many visitors with about 45,000 airline tickets and 15,000 promotional tours with special discounts.
Along with the tourism stimulus programs, VITM Ha Noi 2017 will focus on 20 conferences, workshops, destination presentations such as meeting on “Action plan for implementation of Resolution No. 08-NQ/TW of the Politburo on developing tourism into key economic sector”; introduction of tourism products in Gia Lai, Kon Tum, Dak Lak provinces, introduction of Binh Dinh tourism products; opening ceremony of the Center for Culinary Research, Conservation and Development of Viet Nam; introduction of tourism products in Viet Nam National Villages for Ethnic Culture and Tourism, etc.
During the travel mart, various cultural and art performances will be introduced to visitors.
In particular, VITM Ha Noi 2017 will have the art performance of Viet beliefs in the Mother Goddesses of Three Realms recently recognized as Representative Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.
The opening ceremony of VITM Ha Noi 2017 will be held on 6 April 2016 at the outdoor stage of Ha Noi International Centre for Exhibition.
Opening time:
- For exhibitors / trade visitors: 6 – 9 April 2017 (8:30 – 18:30)
- For general public: 7 – 9 April 2017 (8:30 – 18:30)
Thu Giang; Photo: Anh Dung
Tags: VITM Ha Noi, Ha Noi – The destination of Viet Nam, Viet Nam Tourism Association, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism,
International visitors to Viet Nam in February and 2 months of 2017
International visitors to Viet Nam in February estimated 1,199,421 arrivals, increase 19.1% over last month and up 42.2% over the same period last year.
Total international arrivals in 2 months reached 2,206,659 arrivals, increase 33.0% over the same period last year.
International visitors to Viet Nam in January 2017
International visitors to Viet Nam in Januray estimated 1,007,238 arrivals, increase 12.3% over last month and up 23.6 % over the same period last year.
Countryside Market
Many communes in rural Viet Nam feature countryside markets (cho que).
There are two main types of countryside market: the fair and the evening market.
Fairs are held periodically.
For example, it may be held on days with the numbers three and eight, which would imply fairs on the 3rd, 8th, 13th, 18th, 23rd and 28th days of each lunar month.
Major markets attract huge numbers of people.
Apart from local products, visitors can find industrial and expensive commodities produced in other localities.
Of course, necessities such as fruit, oil, salt and vegetables are always available.
Highland Market
Markets in highland areas where ethnic minorities reside are not only places of commerce, but also cultural festivals.
People wear their nicest clothes and spend some days at the market.
They may play their pan-flutes, dance, sing and meet new friends.
Therefore, markets in highland areas are also called Love Markets (Cho Tinh).
Floating Markets
There is a very interesting kind of market in the Mekong River Delta.
Thousands of boats gather to form a place of economic activity.
Trading activities take place all day, but the most exciting time is in the morning when boats arrive loaded up with agricultural products.
On a cho noi (floating market) all trade activities take place on boats.
The largest cho noi include Phung Hiep, Nga Bay, Phong Dien (in Hau Giang), Cai Rang (in Can Tho) and Cai Be (in Tien Giang).
Most of the agricultural productions sold in cho noi are for wholesalers, who then re-sell it to food processing factories or ship it to the north.
HA LONG BAY (WORLD NATURAL HERITAGE)
Geographical position: Situated in the north-east region of Viet Nam, Ha Long Bay is a part of Bac Bo Gulf and comprises the sea area of Ha Long City, Cam Pha City and a part of Van Don island district, Quang Ninh Province.
It borders Cat Ba Island to the south-west, the mainland to the west with a 120km-long coastline. Ha Long Bay covers a total area of 1,553km², including 1,969 islands of various sizes, 989 of which have been given names.
The average geological age of the islands is between 250 and 280 million years old.
Ha Long Bay has been called by the great national poet Nguyen Trai: "a marvel of the earth erected towards the high skies".
There are many names given to islands according to their shapes and forms such as Hon Dau Nguoi (Human Head Islet), Hon Rong (Dragon Islet), Hon Canh Buom (Sail Islet), Hon Trong Mai (Cock and Hen Islet)…
But the beauty of Halong Bay does not consist only in the forms of its mountains, islands and the colour of its waters, but also in its infinitely rich system of grottoes and caves such as: Thien Cung (Heavenly Palace Grotto), Dau Go (Driftwood Grotto), Sung Sot (Surprise Grotto), Tam Cung (Three Palace Grotto), Trinh Nu (Virgin Grotto)...
Each is a grandiose and refined natural architectural creation.
More
USEFUL INFORMATION
Ticket prices (unit: VND):
Visiting fee is applied to each specific tour:
Tourist routes
Ticket price for one adult
Ticket price for one Vietnamese elder
Ticket price for one children
Tour 1: Thien Cung Grotto – Dau Go Grotto – Cho Da Islet - Ba Hang Fishing Village – Dinh Huong Islet – Trong Mai Islet – Hoa Cuong Fishing Village
Tour 2: Sung Sot Grotto, Titov Island (or Soi Sim Islet) – Me Cung Grotto – Dong Tien Lake (or one of grottoes of Trong, Trinh Nu, Bo Nau, Luon)
Tour 2 and stay overnight: Sung Sot Grotto, Titov Island (or Soi Sim Islet) – Me Cung Grotto – Dong Tien Lake (or one of grottoes of Trong, Trinh Nu, Bo Nau, Luon)
Overnight sites: 690 Islet – Dau Xuoi Revulet – Lom Bo Islet (or Trinh Nu Grotto – Trong Grotto or Dong Tien Lake – Luon Grotto or 587 Islet – Lat Grotto)
Tour 3: Culture Center of Cua Van Fishing Village – Cua Van Village – Tien Ong Grotto – Ba Ham Lake
Tour 3 and stay overnight: Culture Center of Cua Van Fishing Village – Cua Van Village – Tien Ong Grotto – Ba Ham Lake
Overnight site: Ba Ham Lake (or Cua Van Fishing Village)
Tour 4: Co Grotto, Thay Grotto, Vong Vieng Fishing Village, Cap La Grotto, Cong Dam Fishing Village or Tung Ang – Cong Do Eco area (or Xep Islet)
Tour 4 and stay overnight: Co Grotto, Thay Grotto, Vong Vieng Fishing Village, Cap La Grotto, Cong Dam Fishing Village or Tung Ang – Cong Do Eco area (or Xep Islet)
Overnight site: Cong Do
Tour 5: Wharf – Gia Luan Harbour (Cat Ba – Hai Phong):Cho Da Islet, Ba Hang Fishing Village, Dinh Huong Islet, Trong Mai Islet, Hoa Cuong Fishing Village
Additional tourist sites for adults: Ba Hang Grotto or Soi Sim Islet
(For tourists having tickets of tours 1 or 2)
Additional tourist sites in the route: Bo Nau Grotto (or one of grottoes of Luon, Trong, Trinh Nu)
(For tourists having tickets of tour 2)
Other tourist services:
- Yacht tour: Tourists will have the opportunity to stay overnight at sightseeing sites in the bay such as Bo Nau Grotto, Sung Sot Grotto, Luon Grotto, Trinh Nu Grotto, Cong Do Island, Ba Ham Lake and participate in a party in Trong Grotto.
The price depends on the types of yachts and visiting time.
- Kayak tour: Tourists can rent kayaks at Bai Chay Tourist Wharf or fishing villages with prices from VND 100,000 - 200,000/hour, depending on the types of 1-seat, 2-seat or 3-seat kayaks.
- At the beaches in Soi Sim Island and Titov Island, tourists can choose types of marine entertainments as water motorcycle, flying boat, parachute…
- In the lakes of Cong Do and Ba Ham, there are fishing, diving services to explore coral reefs.
- Helicopter tour: Discover the bay by helicopter tour held by Northern Service Flight Company (Tel: (84-4) 3877 1410/ ext. 105; Hotline: 0983848909 or 0983116067; email: marketing@northernsfc.vn).
- Bathing and climbing tours in Titov Island; ecotourism tour in Soi Sim Island; culture and community-based tourism tour in the fishing villages of Cua Van, Vong Vieng...
- Dining service: Tourists can orders menu with ship owners before departing 1 hour to enjoy sea specialties and admire the wonderful scenery of Ha Long.
- Souvenirs: Tourists can buy souvenirs (traditional handicrafts made ​​from coal, ceramic, pearl, shell, wood, glass; mosaics; embroidery pictures; postcards, maps of Ha Long Bay...).
Ha Long Bay Management Department
Add: 166 Le Thanh Tong Street, Ha Long City, Quang Ninh Province
Tel: (84-33) 382 4867
Fax: (84-33) 382 1307
Email: banquanlyvinhhalong@hn.vnn.vn
Website: http://halongbay.com.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Quang Ninh
Contact:
Hotels in Quang Ninh
PHONG NHA - KE BANG NATIONAL PARK (WORLD NATURAL HERITAGE)
Phong Nha – Ke Bang National Park lies in Quang Binh Province - the central Viet Nam.
Covering an area of more than 343,000 hectares (heart zone of 123,300ha and buffer zone of 220,000ha), Phong Nha – Ke Bang situated in Quang Ninh, Bo Trach and Minh Hoa districts, is 50km northwest of Dong Hoi City.
Phong Nha - Ke Bang can be compared to a huge geological museum thanks to its complicated geological structure with different categories of stone including sandstone, quartz, schist, siliceous limestone, granite, granodiorite, diorite, applet, pegmatite, etc.
Phong Nha-Ke Bang is the oldest and largest tropical karst formed 400 million years during the main geological periods of the Earth, bearing the original topographic and geologic characteristics.
Experiencing major tectonic phases, high mountain ranges and the depressed sedimentary basins were formed.
These fluctuations have also contributed to the diversity of geology, topography, geomorphology.
Phong Nha - Ke Bang karst mountains can provide a lot of valuable information about the Earth's prolonged geological process through various periods, from the Ordovician Age - Silurian Age (about 463.9 - 430 million year ago) to the Quaternary Age (1.75 million years ago).
It is also noteworthy to mention a geological characteristic – the system of underground rivers and grottos in limestone mountains.
In the non-karst geomorphologic area, there are many low mountains covered by a floristic carpet.
The erosion has created a number of abrasion-accumulation terraces along the valleys of the Son and Chay rivers and at the margins of the central limestone massifs.
The transition terrain consists of a diversity of rock intercalated by limestone mountains.
Locating in the area with a high average rainfall, however, few rivers and streams can be seen because water is absorbed to run inside limestone mountains. Therefore over tens of million years, water has eroded rocks, creating numerous caves in the area.
Phong Nha - Ke Bang area is noted for its cave and grotto systems as it is composed of 300 caves and grottos, divided into three main systems: Phong Nha Grottos, Vom Caves, and Ruc Mon Caves.
The Phong Nha grotto system is about 80km long in total, rising from south of Ke Bang Limestone Mountain.
The main entrances are Khe Ry and En Grottoes situated at a height of 300m above sea level.
The grottoes of this tree-branch system run in the direction of northeast-southwest.
The system of Vom caves is over 35km long, rising from Ruc Ca Roong Cave located at a height of 360m above sea level and ending with Vom Cave.
The system runs south and north.
Ruc Ca Roong River sometimes hides in mountains, sometimes appears in narrow and deep valleys, and flows into the Chay River at the entrance of Vom Cave.
The system of Ruc Mon caves that lies in the district of Minh Hoa is also a large cave. However, the information about this system is not abundant because few surveys have been conducted in this area so far.
Some typical caves and grottoes in Phong Nha - Ke Bang are Phong Nha, Tien Son and Thien Duong grottoes, Toi, En and Khe Ry caves. Especially, Son Doong Cave is considered as the largest cave in the world with 200m in height, 200m in width, at least 8.5km in length.
With its characteristics of topography, climate, soil and hydrography, Phong Nha - Ke Bang boasts a rich, diversified and unique flora.
Investigations show that Phong Nha - Ke Bang has a large tropical forest floor. It covers 93.57 percent of the natural area, of which nearly 83.74 percent is covered by primeval forests.
The diversity of rare and precious species of animals and plants in Phong Nha - Ke Bang is corollary of its natural conditions, and is a feature of the forest ecosystem.
Statistics show that the flora of Phong Nha - Ke Bang belongs to 2,400 species of higher plants with 208 orchid species, of which many rare and precious species are listed in Viet Nam’s Red Book and IUCN’s Red Book (International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources).
Besides, there are 140 animal species, 356 bird species, 97 reptile species, 47 amphibian species, 162 fish species, 369 insect species, many of which are listed in Red Book of Viet Nam and IUCN such as Sao la, Mang lon, Mang Truong Son, Ha Tinh langur… Phong Nha - Ke Bang is considered a huge biological museum in Viet Nam.
Phong Nha – Ke Bang has been declared a world natural heritage by UNESCO twice in July 2003 in the 27th meeting in Paris (France) and July 2015 in the 39th meeting in Bonn (Federal Republic of Germany).
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION:
Opening time: from 07:00 to 17:00 on weekdays.
Ticket price:
+ Tour of Phong Nha - Tien Son grottos
- Sightseeing tickets:
Phong Nha Grotto:
- Adults: VND80,000
- Children (from 7 to 15 years old): VND40,000
Tien Son Grotto:
- Adults: VND40,000
- Children (from 7 to 15 years old): VND20,000
- Boat renting price: Visiting Phong Nha, Tien Son grottos (each boat carrying 01 to 14 people, including children):
- Visiting 01 grotto: VND 320,000/boat; duration: 3.5 hours
- Visiting 02 grottos: VND 350,000/boat; duration: 05 hours
+ Nuoc Mooc Spring Eco Trail
- Sightseeing ticket:
- Adults: VND50,000
- Children (from 7 to 15 years old): VND30,000
+ Tour of Chay River – Toi (Dark) Cave
- Sightseeing ticket:
- Adults: VND80,000
- Children (from 7 to 15 years old): VND40,000
- Boat renting price: VND 500,000/boat; duration: 05 hours
Each boat carries 01 to 14 people, including children.
+ Tour of history - spirituality: Free of charge
+ Explore the mysterious depths of Phong Nha Grotto and Explore the nature of Rao Thuong– En Cave: please contact Phong Nha - Ke Bang Tourism Center for more information.
Phong Nha - Ke Bang Tourism Center - Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park
Add: Son Trach Commune, Bo Trach District, Quang Binh Province
Tel / Fax: (84-52) 3677 323 (ext.101)
Email: phongnhakebangdl@gmail.com
Website: www.phongnhakebangdl.com
www.phongnhatourism.com.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Quang Binh
Contact:
Hotels in Quang Binh
COMPLEX OF HUE MONUMENTS (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Location
Complex of Hue Monuments lies along the Perfume River in Hue City and some adjacent areas of Thua Thien Hue Province.
Hue City constitutes the cultural, political and economic centre of the province, and was the old imperial city of Viet Nam under the Nguyen Dynasty from 1802 to 1945.
History
Since 1306, after the wedding of the princess Huyen Tran of the Tran Dynasty with Che Man, the Cham King, the territories of Chau O and Chau Ly (comprised of Quang Tri, Thua Thien - Hue and part of Northern Quang Nam today) took the name of Thuan Hoa.
In the second half of the 15th century, under the reign of King Le Thanh Tong, the name of "Hue" appeared for the first time.
In 1636, the residence of the Nguyen Lords was settled at Kim Long (Hue). In 1687, it was transferred to Phu Xuan – where is the Citadel today.
Early in the 18th century, Phu Xuan became the political, economic and cultural centre of the southern part of Viet Nam.
Then, from 1788 to 1801, it became the capital of the Tay Son Dynasty.
From 1802 to 1945, Hue was the capital of unified Viet Nam under the reign of the 13 Nguyen Kings.
During these years, architectural works of a high cultural and historic value were built: the Citadel, especially the Imperial City (including 253 constructions), 7 Royal tomb compound of 9 kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, the Esplanade of Nam Giao, the Ho Quyen arena and the Hon Chen Temple.
Cultural values
Located in the centre of Hue, along the Perfume (Huong) River’s northern bank, the complex of royal architecture represents and demonstrates the power of the Nguyen Dynasty's centralism. Contained in this complex are the Hue Capital Citadel, the Royal Citadel or Imperial City and the Forbidden Citadel clustered together, symmetrically placed along the longitudinal axis and facing to the south.
The system of walls combines sophisticatedly both eastern and western architectural styles placed in natural harmony with Ngu Binh Mount, Perfume River, Gia Vien and Boc Thanh islets. Even people implicitly consider these natural landscapes as a part of the complex.
Surrounded by a square wall, almost 600 metres in length on each side, the Imperial City has four gates, of which the south gate (Ngo Mon) is most typical in construction and is widely seen and recognized as the symbol of Hue Citadel. It served not only as the main entrance but was also the place where important events of the dynasty took place.
Within the area of the Imperial City, the Forbidden Citadel was the area reserved for daily activities of the royal family.
The main north-south axis, called miraculous road, runs through the three walls of the Hue Capital Citadel, Imperial City and Forbidden Citadel and was marked with the important constructions of Hue Citadel. Hundred of small and large buildings were built symmetrically along this axis in harmony with their natural surroundings gives one a feeling of gentle and serenity. These buildings include Nghinh Luong Pavilion (Pavilion for Fresh Air), Phu Van Lau (or the Pavilion of Edicts was the building where Emperor's edicts and lists of successful candidates of Thi Hoi (National Examination) and Thi Dinh (Court Examinations) were publicised), Ky Dai (Flag Tower), Ngo Mon Gate (the main entrance), Thai Hoa Palace (The Throne Palace, or Palace of the Supreme Harmony, was the building for great court's meetings), Can Chanh Palace (the place for every day working of Emperors), Can Thanh Palace (Emperor's Private Palace), Khon Thai Residence (Queen's Private Apartment), Kien Trung Pavilion (the place for daily activities of Emperors)...
In the distance, to the west of the Capital Citadel, along the Perfume River, are the famous royal tombs and temples, masterpieces in landscape architecture built by the Nguyen Dynasty.
This resulted in the architecture of royal tombs in Hue being distinguished by unique characteristics.
Each tomb reflects its owner’s life and character: the magnificence of Gia Long’s tomb in the immense landscape of mountains and jungles represents the spirit of a general in war; the symmetry and majesty of Minh Mang’s tomb combiners both man-made and natural mountains and lakes and reveals the powerful will and solemn nature of a talented politician who was also an orderly poet; the peaceful and sombre qualities of Thieu Tri’s tomb reflects the innermost feelings of an outstanding poet who made few achievements in political life; the romance and poetic atmosphere of Tu Duc’s tomb evoke the elegant and subtle tendency of a poet rather than the strong characteristic of a politician.
In addition, place-names that embellish for the beauty of the Complex of Hue Monuments can be named as: Huong River, Ngu Binh Mountain, Thien Mu Pagoda, Bach Ma Mountain, the Thuan An and Lang Co Beaches...
At the meeting of the 17th session of the World Heritage Committee (WHC) in Columbia, from the 6th to the 11th of December 1993, UNESCO has come to the decision of recognising the architectural ensemble of Hue as a world cultural heritage.
This was a noteworthy event in the cultural history. For the reason that Hue is the first site in Vietnam ever listed in the World Heritage list.
As to the cultural value, a World Cultural Heritage Site, like the Complex of Hue Monuments, has to:
- Be representative of an original artistic achievement, a masterpiece created by Man’s hands;
- Have a great value for its building technique or its architecture in a general development plan for a city or in a program for the embellishment of the sight of a world cultural zone;
ATTRACTIONS
Monuments outside theCapital Citadel
Tran Binh Bastion • Phu Van Lau • Thuong Bac Pavillion • Gia Long Tomb • Minh Mang Tomb • Thieu Tri Tomb • Tu Duc Tomb • Dong Khanh Tomb • Duc Duc Tomb • Khai Dinh Tomb • Esplanade of Nam Giao • Ho Quyen (Royal Arena) • Van Mieu (Temple of Literature)• Vo Mieu (Temple of Martial Arts)• An Dinh Palace • Memorial House of Queen Mother Tu Cung • Tran Hai Rampart • Thien Mu Pagoda • Hon Chen Temple • Perfume River, Ngu Mountain • Truong Tien Bridge.
Monuments inside theCapital Citadel
Ky Dai • Nine Holy Cannons • Tinh Tam Lake • Quoc Tu Giam • Phu Xuan Communal House • Hue Museum of Royal Antique.
Monuments inside Hoang Thanh (Imperial Citadel)
Ngo Mon • Thai Dich Lake and Trung Dao Bridge • Thai Hoa Palace and Great Rite Courtyard • Trieu Mieu • Thai Mieu • Hung Mieu • The Mieu • Hien Lam Pavilion • Nine Dynastic Urns • Dien Tho Palace • Truong Sinh Palace.
Monuments inside Tu Cam Thanh (Forbidden Citadel)
Bronze Cauldron • Royal Library (Thai Binh Lau) • Duyet Thi Duong.
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
Ticket Price (Unit: VND/person/turn):
No.
Sites
Ticket price
Adult
Children (7-12 years of age)
Imperial Citadel
Tu Duc Tomb, Khai Dinh Tomb, Minh Mang Tomb
Dong Khanh Tomb, Thieu Tri Tomb, Hue Museum of Royal Antique, Hon Chen Temple
An Dinh Palace
Package tour ticket:
No.
Tours
Ticket price: (VND/person/)
Adult
Children (7-12 years of age)
Imperial Citadel – Khai Dinh Tomb – Minh Mang Tomb (Free of charge to visit Hue Museum of Royal Antique)
Imperial Citadel – Tu Duc Tomb – Khai Dinh Tomb – Minh Mang Tomb(Free of charge to visit Hue Museum of Royal Antique)
Transport service:
There are electric cars from Hien Nhon Gate (Exit way of the Imperial Citadel) to the Hue Museum of Royal Antique (free of charge until the end of 2013).
Hue Monuments Conservation Center
Add: 23 Tong Duy Tan St., Hue City
Tel: (84-54) 353 0840/352 3237/351 2751
Fax: (84-54) 352 6083
Email: huedisan@gmail.com
Website: http://www.hueworldheritage.org.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Thua Thien - Hue
Contact:
Hotels in Thua Thien - Hue
HOI AN ANCIENT TOWN (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Hoi An is an old town down the Thu Bon River, on the coastal plain of Quang Nam Province, about 30 km south of Da Nang City.
Hoi An used to be known on the international market with many different names such as Lam Ap, Faifo, Hoai Pho and Hoi An.
What is so special about Hoi An is that this little port town is in an incredible state of preservation. It offers some of the most densely-concentrated sights in Viet Nam with its old streets bordered with ancient houses and assembly halls, its pagodas, temples, ancient wells and tombs.
The architecture of Hoi An is characterised by a harmonious blend of Vietnamese, Chinese and Japanese influences.
After many centuries, Hoi An is still respectful of its traditions, folk festivals, beliefs and of its sophisticated culinary art.
Set in a quiet environment, Hoi An is surrounded by peaceful villages that have crafts such as carpentry, bronze making, ceramic...
Researchers said most of the buildings in Hoi An underwent restoration at the beginning of the 19th century, even if they might be constructed long time ago.
The ancient architecture shown most clearly in the Ancient Town that located in Minh An Ward.
It covers about 2 square kilometres and almost of all famous relics in Hoi An are gathered here.
The streets are very short and narrow, having a winding, crossing as the chessboard style.
The topography of the ancient town tilt gradually from north to south.
The buildings in the old town is built mostly with traditional materials such as: brick, wood and no more than two floors.
The traces of time is able to find not only on the architectural design of each building but also everywhere like: on the yin-yang roof tiles covered with moss and plants; the old gray mold walls; the pictures carved on a strange animal, or describing a old story… Having inherited a multi-cultural architecture so varied and sophisticated, Hoi An must have attracted numerous and talented workers in carpentry, ceramics, and woodcarving from China, Japan and other regions of Viet Nam.
For centuries, Hoi An had developed into a melting pot of various nationalities who came to the area, bringing along their own cultures.
Accordingly, Hoi An features the co-existence of indigenous customs and habits and those imported by foreign settlers.
There are animist cults, of the Genie-Whale and worship of deities of natural phenomena (such as rain, wind, thunder), but also the worship of Holy Protectors like Thien Hau, Quan Cong, Bao Sinh Dai De, Avalokitesvara, especially among the Chinese community.
They hold regular festivals or cultural and religious activities on the occasion of Tet Nguyen Tieu (the 16th day of the 1st lunar month), Thanh Minh (3rd lunar month), Doan Ngo (the 5th day of the 5th lunar month), Trung Thu (the 15th day of the 8th lunar month), Trung Cuu (the 9th day of the 9th lunar month), and Ha Nguyen (the 15th day of the 10th lunar month).
The social and cultural diversity adds up to the uniqueness of Hoi An’s inhabitants.
Rich in traditions and early exposed to the outside world, the Hoi An people feature a unique cultural identity, which has been well preserved from generation to generation.
Lives of people who stay here incline to be interior with subtle quiet.
In the mind of the natives of Hoi An, this town constitutes a large ancient home that shelters a big family of many descendants including hospitable dwellers, friendly hosts and hostesses, kind-hearted women, obedient children and so on. They together form a harmonious community who has lived peacefully side by side through successive generations.
Upon reaching Hoi An, visitors will immediately feel the hospitality and friendship the locals extend to them.
One thing that has withstood the test of time, one thing that the Hoi An people today can be proud of and therefore, make every efforts to preserve is their popular ho (chants) and age-old cultural festivals.
Among them, the "Nights of Hoi An" is held on the 14th night of every lunar month. Visitors can immerse themselves in a festive atmosphere imbued with the traditional identities of Hoi An.
The architectural significance of Hoi An has been recognized by UNESCO, during the 23rd Congress which took place in Marrakech (Morocco) from the 29th of November to the 4th of December 1999, since the town was officially listed as a World Cultural Heritage Site.
ATTRACTIONS:
In the ancient town:
- Chua Cau (Japanese Bridge)
- Old Houses: Quan Thang Old House (77 Tran Phu); Diep Dong Nguyen Old House (80 Nguyen Thai Hoc) Tan Ky Old House (101 Nguyen Thai Hoc); Phung Hung Old House (4 Nguyen Thi Minh Khai); Tran Family Chapel (21 Le Loi)
- Ancient Wells: Ba Le Well (Kiet Gieng Alley, Minh An Ward)
- Assembly Halls: Quang Dong Assembly Hall (17 Tran Phu); Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall (46 Tran Phu); Trieu Chau Assembly Hall (157 Nguyen Duy Hieu); Hai Nam Assembly Hall (10 Tran Phu)
- Museums: Museum of Trade Ceramics Hoi An (80 Tran Phu), Museum of Sa Huynh Culture (149 Tran Phu); Hoi An Museum of History and Culture (7 Nguyen Hue); Hoi An Museum of Folk Culture (33 Nguyen Thai Hoc)
- Lantern Manufacturers: Ha Linh Lantern Manufacturer (72 Tran Nhan Tong); Huynh Van Ba Lantern Manufacturer ​​(54 Nguyen Thi Minh Khai)
Surroundings:
- Cua Dai Beach;
- Bay Mau Coconut Forest;
- Cu Lao Cham;
- Tra Que Vegetable Village;
- Thanh Ha Pottery Village;
- Kim Bong Carpentry Village;
- Tombs of the Japanese traders
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
- Ticket price: VND80,000/person (Vietnamese visitors); VND120,000/person (foreign visitors)
- Visitors can enjoy: All streets in the Ancient Town, artistic activities, folk games, night market. 5 of the 21 sightseeing places:
* Japanese Covered Bridge, Cam Pho Communal House, Minh Huong Communal House, House of Tuy Tien Duong, Quan Cong Temple.
* Museums: History and Culture, Trade Ceramics, Sa Huynh Culture, Folk Culture.
* Old houses: Quan Thang, Duc An, Phung Hung, Tran Family's Chapel, Tan Ky.
* Assembly Halls: Trieu Chau, Quang Dong, Phuc Kien.
* Handicraft workshop and traditional arts performance, XQ Hoi An.
* Ancient tombs of Japanese traders: Mr Gu Sokukun, Mr Tani Yajirobei, Mr Banjiro.
Services in Hoi An
Visitors can rent bicycles, motorcycles to visit around Hoi An.
However, the most interesting thing is walking around the ancient town to feel the ethos of this place.
Visitors can only visit the ancient town by motorcycles at periods: before 7:00; 11:30 – 14:00, 17:00 – 18:30 and after 21:00.
- Free WiFi Internet access in Hoi An Ancient Town
- Discovering Hoi An Night is interesting with traditional games, folk songs, and local food...
Time: - Summer (from 16 April to 15 October): from 19:00 to 21:30; Winter (from 16 October to 15 April): from 18:30 to 21:00.
- Hoi An Legendary Night, Date: The 14th day of every lunar month - Time: From 18:30 to 21:30
- Night Market: Open everyday from 17:00 - 23:00 on Nguyen Hoang Street (opposite the Japanese Bridge) with 40 stalls selling handicraft products such as ceramics, lanterns and traditional specialties of Hoi An - Quang Nam.
- The program of "Enjoy lifting ro (small square fishing-net) on the river"Two times per day: from 9:00 to 11:00 and from 15:00 to 21:00 at Hoai River (arc area of the Japanese Bridge).
- The program of "Piano performance place": from 19:00 to 21:00 daily at 106 Bach Dang.
- Folk performances: from 19:00 to 21:00 daily at 78 Le Loi.
Hoi An specialties:
- Foods: cao lau noodles, girdle cake (rice paper – banh trang) mix with oysters, Steamed Bun (banh bao), white rose – Small Shrimp Dumpling (banh vac).
- Gifts: banh in (Moulded Snow-Flaked Cake), banh dau xanh (green bean cake), banh it la gai (Small Sweet Dark Jelly-like Dumplings wrapped in Banana Leaf Pyramid), chili sauce of Hoi An.
Center for Culture and Sports of Hoi An City
Address: 01 Nguyen Truong To Street, Hoi An City
Tel: (84-510) 386 1327
Fax: (84-510) 386 3761
Email: ttvhtt@dng.vnn.vn
Website: http://www.hoianworldheritage.org.vn
Hoi An Center for Cultural Heritage Management and Preservation
Add: 10B Tran Hung Dao Street, Hoi An City
Tel: (84-510) 386 2367/386 2946
Fax: (84-510) 386 1779
Email: ttqlbtdt@gmail.com
Website: http://hoianheritage.net
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Quang Nam
Contact:
Hotels in Quang Nam
MY SON SANCTUARY (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
My Son Sanctuary is set in a small valley belonging to Duy Phu Commune, Duy Xuyen District, Quang Nam Province, about 70km southwest of Danang City and 40km from Hoi An City.
At the beginning of the 7th century, King Sambhuvarman had it rebuilt and rebaptized Sambhu-Bhadresvara.
Each new monarch came to My Son after his accession to the throne, for the ceremony of purification and to present offerings and erect new monuments, which explains why My Son is the only place where Cham art flourished without interruption from the 7th to the 13th century.
The temples in My Son were built into groups that basically followed the same model.
Each group was comprised of a main sanctuary (kalan), surrounded by towers and auxiliary monuments.
The kalan, which is a symbol of Meru Mountain (centre of the universe, where the gods live) is dedicated to Shiva.
The small temples are devoted to the spirits of the eight compass points.
In the towers, topped with tiled, curved roofs, were stocked the offerings and sacred objects of the pilgrims.
Cham temples do not have windows, so they are very dark inside. Windows are only found on the towers.
Cham towers and temples are built of bricks associated with sandstone decorations.
It is quite noteworthy that no adhesive can be seen in between the bricks, which is amazing since some of the works have survived thousands of years.
The structures were built, and only then did the sculptors carve the decorations of floral patterns, human figures or animals.
This technique is unique in Asia.
Every kalan in My Son is comprised of three parts: the bhurloka (foundations), the bhurvaloka (body of the tower) and the svarloka (roof).
The bhurloka represents the terrestrial world.
It is decorated all the way round by engravings of patterns, animals, human characters praying under small vaults, masks of Kala or Makara (monsters), dancers, musicians…
The bhurvaloka symbolises the spiritual world where, after being purified, men could meet the ancestors and the gods.
The svarloka usually has three storeys in the same style as the base, and features a main door and other, false, ones.
It is decorated with small sandstone or brick statues representing mythical animals, which are mounts ridden by gods in the Indian tradition: birds, swans, buffaloes, elephants or lions.
There are small decorative towers at the corners of the 1st and 2nd storeys.
Thanks to Henri Parmentier, the temples of My Son were classified into groups of letters (A, A’, B, C, D, E, F, G, H and K), and then numbered according to their functions.
It starts with the main sanctuary, the kalan, (number 1), then the gate tower (number 2), and so on.
Even though these categories break up the architectural complex of My Son as a whole, they are remarkably efficient for the study and maintenance of the ruins.
In December, 1999, at the 23th meeting of World Heritage Committee of UNESCO in Marrakesh, Marocco, My Son was recognised as world cultural heritage based on two prominent criteria: criterion (ii) an exceptional example of cultural interchange, with an indigenous society adapting to external cultural influences, notably the Hindu art and architecture of the Indian sub-continent and criterion (iii) the Champa Kingdom was an important phenomenon in the political and cultural history of South – East Asia, vividly illustrated by the ruins of My Son.
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
Ticket Price: (including fees for electric car and cultural performances)
- Vietnamese visitors: VND 60,000/person;
- International visitors: VND 100,000/person;
- There's no admission charge for children under 16 years old.
Opening time:
Summer: From 6:00 to 17:00
Winter: From 6:30 to 17:00
(The relic opens on all days of the week, including weekends and holidays)
Transportation:
Electric car system with 6 to 8 seats transports visitors from Khe The Bridge to the sanctuary (about 2km).
Tourism activities at My Son:
- Cham folk art performance: 3 times per day (at 9:30; 10:30; 14:30), (daily held).
- My Son Community Tourism Village, Duy Phu Commune, Duy Xuyen District, Quang Nam Province.
My Son Relic and Tourism Management Board
Add: Duy Phu Commune, Duy Xuyen District, Quang Nam Province
Tel: (84-510) 3731 757 - 3731 309;
Fax: (84-510) 3731 361
Email: mysonstr@gmail.com
Website: www.mysonsanctuary.com.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Quang Nam
Contact:
Hotels in Quang Nam
CENTRAL SECTOR OF THE IMPERIAL CITADEL OF THANG LONG - HA NOI (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Geographical position
The central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi covers area of 18.395ha, includes archaeological area at 18 Hoang Dieu Street and relics in Ha Noi Citadel such as: Ha Noi Flag Tower, Doan Mon, Kinh Thien Palace, Building D67, Hau Lau, Bac Mon, Forbidden City wall and eight gates from the Nguyen Dynasty.
These relics are located in Ba Dinh District and surrounded by Phan Dinh Phung Street in the north; Bac Son Street and National Assembly Building in the south; Hoang Dieu, Doc Lap streets and National Building in the west; Dien Bien Phu Street in the southwest and Nguyen Tri Phuong Street in the east.
History
In 1009, Ly Cong Uan was enthroned, founded Ly Dynasty.
In July, 1010, the king promulgated Chieu Doi Do (the royal decree) to change the capital city from Hoa Lu (Ninh Binh) to Dai La Citadel.
After transferring the capital city, Ly Cong Uan had Citadel of Thang Long built and the citadel construction was finished in early 1011.
The ancient Citadel of Thang Long was encircled by three incorporated forts. The outer fort was Kinh Thanh (Imperial City), where the general public lived. Surrounded by the Hong, To Lich and Kim Nguu rivers, Kinh Thanh acted as a dyke system for the capital city.
The second fort (the middle ring) was Hoang Thanh (Imperial Citadel), where the royal court, offices and residence of mandarins were located.
The smallest and most inner enclosure was Tu Cam Thanh (Forbidden City) where the king, queens and concubines lived in seclusion.
The Citadel of Thang Long was repaired and had many new works in Tran Dynasty and expanded in Le So Dynasty.
From 1516 to 1788 in dynasties of Mac and Le Trung Hung, the Citadel of Thang Long was destroyed many times.
In early 1789, King Quang Trung transferred the capital city to Phu Xuan, the Citadel of Thang Long only acted as Bac Thanh (the northern defensive fortification).
In Nguyen Dynasty, the remainders of the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long were transferred to Phu Xuan for building new citadel.
Only Kinh Thien Palace and Hau Lau were retained to be accommodations for Kings Nguyen during their business trips to the Bac Thanh.
In 1805, King Gia Long ordered the demolition of walls surrounding the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long and requested the building of a new, smaller citadel called Ha Noi Citadel with architectural style of Vauban (France).
In 1831, King Minh Mang changed name of the Citadel of Thang Long to Ha Noi Province in a big administrative reform.
When French colonists occupied all Indochina, they chose Ha Noi as the capital of French Indochina Union and the Ha Noi Citadel was destroyed to build military camp for French colonists.
Since the Vietnamese army took the control of the capital city in 1954, the Ha Noi Citadel has become the headquarters of the Ministry of Defense.
The first value of the central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi shows that it is nearly a book displaying over 10 century- history of Thang Long – Ha Noi from Dai La Citadel in Pre-Thang Long period to nowadays.
Archaeological value
History revealed that Imperial Citadel of Thang Long changed a lot but its centre, especially Forbidden City, remained nearly unchanged.
As architectural structures inside the Imperial Citadel were rebuilt and upgraded several times, this explained for the findings of layers of architectural vestiges and artefacts at archaeological site at 18 Hoang Dieu.
These vestiges reflect clearly relation between urban project and architectural space as well as succession of dynasties in building the Citadel of Thang Long.
This is the unique and prominent value of the central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi.
Here, archaeologists excavated a great deal of porcelain and ceramic wares used in the Imperial Citadel through various stages of development.
The findings paved the way for researchers to study ceramics made in Thang Long and ceramic wares used in the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long through different dynasties. It is also concrete evidence about high development level of economy and culture.
In addition, porcelains and bronze coins of China, Japan, Western Asia… found here proved that Thang Long was centre of cultural exchange among countries in area and received quintessence values of humanity.
At 20h30 on July 30, 2010 in Brasilia Capital of Brazil, World Heritage Committee of UNESCO recognized the central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi as world cultural heritage based on three prominent criteria: historical and cultural length; its continuousness as a power centre; diversification and plenty of vestiges and artifacts.
In opening ceremony of the 1000th anniversary of Thang Long – Ha Noi on October 1, 2010, Ms Irina Bokova – General Director of UNESCO gave certification of the central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi to leaders of Ha Noi City.
TYPICAL TOURIST SITES
Archaeological Site at 18 Hoang Dieu Street
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
+ Ticket Price: - VND30,000/person;
- Free for children under 15 years old.
Visitors’ entrance to the Center at 19C Hoang Dieu Street.
Tourist guide for group tours (free registration at the ticket office).
+ Opening time: Every weekday, except Monday and Friday.
- Morning: from 8:00 to 11:30
- Afternoon: from 13:00 to 16:30
Conservation Centre for the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long - Ha Noi
Address: 9 Hoang Dieu Street, Ba Dinh Dist.,Ha Noi
Tel: (84-4) 3734 5427/3734 5927
Fax: (84-4) 3734 5926
Email: hoangthanhthanglong@gmail.com
Website: www.hoangthanhthanglong.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Hanoi
Contact:
Hotels in Hanoi
CITADEL OF THE HO DYNASTY (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty is situated in communes of Vinh Tien, Vinh Long, Vinh Quang, Vinh Yen, Vinh Phuc, Vinh Ninh, Vinh Khang, Vinh Thanh and Vinh Loc Town (Vinh Loc District), Thanh Hoa Province.
It was the capital of Viet Nam from 1398 to 1407.
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty was built in 1397 by Ho Quy Ly who was the highest-ranking mandarin of the Tran Dynasty at the time.
After the citadel was completed, Ho Quy Ly forced King Tran Thuan Tong to move the capital from the citadel of Thang Long (Ha Noi) to Thanh Hoa.
In the second month of the year of Dragon (1400), after coming to the crown to replace the King Tran, Ho Quy Ly renamed the country Dai Ngu (1400-1407), the citadel of the Ho Dynasty officially became the capital citadel.
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty is also known as names of An Ton, Tay Do, Tay Kinh, Tay Nhai,Tay Giai.
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty is considered as the only stone citadel remaining in Southeast Asia and is one of the few remains in the world.
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty has met the two criteria specified in the World Heritage Convention.
It is the criterion (ii), "to exhibit an important interchange of human values, over a span of time or within a cultural area of the world, on developments in architecture or technology, monumental arts, town-planning or landscape design," and the criterion (iv), "to be an outstanding example of a type of building, architectural or technological ensemble or landscape which illustrates (a) significant stage(s) in human history."
In the world heritage record, the citadel of the Ho Dynasty is briefly described as follows: The citadel of the Ho Dynasty, built according to the feng shui principles, testifies to the flowering of neo-Confucianism in late 14th century in Viet Nam and its spread to other parts of East Asia.
Thanks to the unique construction techniques all the major stone sections are intact and have not been affected by time and weather or by recent urban encroachment.
According to historical documents, ancient bibliographies and archaeological research, the complex of the citadel of the Ho Dynasty includes Thanh Noi (Inner Citadel and also known as Imperial Citadel) with the remains of the royal palaces and temples inside; Hao Thanh; La Thanh and Nam Giao Altar (for worshipping the Heaven).
The Thanh Noi is a unique architectural work, with a circumference of 3,508, an area of 142.2ha; the wall is 870.5m long from north to south; 883.5m long from east to west.
The Thanh Noi has four main gates made of green square stone plates beautifully carved and overlapped tightly one after another.
On the average, each stone plate is 1.5m long, 1m thick and weighs about 15-20 tonnes.
Its four domed gates are called the Southern, Northern, Western and Eastern gates (or also known as the Front, Back, Left and Right gates).
The stone plates on the dome are carved as sections of a grapefruit, tightly overlapping.
The Front gate in the south is the main gate and has three doors. The middle door is 5.82m wide and 5.75m high. The side doors are 5.45m wide and 5.35m high.
Each of three remaining gates has only one door, of which the Northern Gate is 5.8m wide; the Eastern Gate is 5.9m wide; 5.4m high; and the Western Gate is 5.8m wide, 5.4m high.
The wall of the citadel is 5-6m high on average. The highest wall section is the front gate with the height of 10m.
Scientists estimated that the entire wall was made of 25,000m³ of stones.
According to the documents, there were palaces in the Thanh Noi such as Hoang Nguyen, Nhan Tho, Phu Cuc, Dong Cung, Dong Thai Mieu, Tay Thai Mieu, Diem Canh…
However, now the Thanh Noi remains some relics such as a part of the citadel’s wall and four gates, vestiges of lakes, a couple of stone dragons with sophisticated carving features, foundation of Thanh Noi architecture, Hoa Nhai marble-paved road, stone balls, stone bullets, pottery, the Southern gate precinct and valuable objects with specific characteristics of Tran - Ho dynasties culture.
Called Hao Thanh, the system of water trench surrounded the Thanh Noi and connected with Buoi River through a canal at the southeast corner of the citadel.
The Hao Thanh had four stone bridges over to the Thanh Noi at the four gates.
Nowadays, many parts of the Hao Thanh have been filled and dried.
However, the traces of the Hao Thanh still can be seen very clearly in the north, east and south of the citadel.
The La Thanh, the outer wall of the citadel built to protect the Thanh Noi was home to residents in the citadel.
The La Thanh was approximately 10km in perimeter and its construction based on the natural terrain.
The Ho Dynasty built the La Thanh by banking up and making bamboo hedge to connect the mountains of Don Son (Vinh Thanh Commune), Hac Khuyen (Vinh Long Commune), Xuan Dai, Trac Phong, Tien Sy (Vinh Ninh Commune), Kim Ngo (Vinh Tien Commune), Kim Nguu, Tuong Son (Vinh Quang Commune) with two rivers of Buoi and Ma.
Now, the trace of La Thanh in Beo Village (Vinh Long Commune) with a length of 2,051.9m, a height of about 5m, trapezoid section of 9.2m, the base of the citadel of 37m has been localized for protection.
The Nam Giao Altar, an importance royal architectural work, was built in 1402 in the southwest of Don Son Mountain, on the spiritual pathway directly connected with the Southern gate, about 2.5 km away from the citadel of the Ho Dynasty to the southeast.
The Nam Giao Altar has an area of 43,000m².
Currently, the altar appears 5 grounds with 5 terraces.
There is a difference of 7.80 meters between the highest and the lowest.
The Nam Giao Altar is the place to sacrifice to the heaven; pray for harmonious rain and wind, peaceful country and happy people, prosperous and everlasting dynasty.
In addition, the altar is also the place to sacrifice to the soul of dead kings, stars and many other genies.
Nam Giao ceremony is considered as a royal ritual.
The first Nam Giao ceremony of the Ho Dynasty was held in the same year of constructing the altar.
At the citadel of the Ho Dynasty, apart from construction of the Nam Giao Altar and performance of Nam Giao ceremony in 1402, the Ho Dynasty had left historical marks such as establishing Xa Tac Altar (altar of the Earth Genie and the Shennong - the Divine Farmer) in 1397, organizing two state exams in 1400 and 1405.
In addition, the Ho Dynasty had been associated with remarkable innovations, such as reforming examination, building more schools, heightening the Nom scripts and issuing paper-money.
SURROUNDINGS:
Binh Khuong Temple
Ancient house
My Dam Lake
Giang Pagoda
Du Anh Pagoda and Ho Cong Cavern
Dong Mon Communal House
Tam Tong Temple
Nang Cave and An Ton Mountain
Tran Khat Chan Temple
Ancient Quarry at An Ton Mountain
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION:
+ Admission:
- Adults: VND 10,000/person
- Children from 10 to 15 years old: VND 5,000/person
+ Opening time: Every weekday, including Saturday, Sunday and holidays.
- Summer: from 7:00 to 17:00
- Winter: from 7:30 to 17:30
+ Local products: Che lam Phu Quang (sweetened pan cake), peanut candy, rang bua cake, Bao ginseng, caltrops of Bong Village...
Conservation Centre for the Citadel of the Ho Dynasty
Address: Tien Vinh Commune, Vinh Loc District, Thanh Hoa Province
- Representative Office: 16 Hac Thanh Street, Tan Son Ward, Thanh Hoa City, Thanh Hoa Province.
Phone: (84-37) 8929 181/3728 661
Fax: (84-37) 3726 308
Email: thanh_anton@yahoo.com.vn
Website: http://thanhnhaho.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Thanh Hoa
Contact:
Hotels in Thanh Hoa
TRANG AN LANDSCAPE COMPLEX ()
(TITC) - Trang An Landscape Complex covers an area of 6,172ha in districts of Hoa Lu, Gia Vien, Nho Quan, Tam Diep Town and Ninh Binh City, about 90km to the southeast of Ha Noi.
The complex is surrounded by a buffer zone of 6,268ha, mostly comprising paddy rice fields and villages.
As a mixed cultural and natural property, Trang An Landscape Complex contains three protected areas, including Hoa Lu Ancient Citadel Cultural – Historical Area; Trang An – Tam Coc – Bich Dong Scenic Area and Hoa Lu Special-Use Primary Forest.
Located in the humid tropical region, Trang An Landscape Complex is a mountainous area that extends in a northwest-southeast direction.
To the north and northwest of Trang An lie Bai Dinh karst hills; to the southwest and the south are Dong Tam – Son Ha and Tam Coc – Bich Dong karst ranges; to the southeast and northeast is Truong Yen karst range; to the northeast and the north is Trang An karst range.
River network in Trang An is well developed with Hoang Long River to the north, Chanh River to the east, He River to the south, Ben Dang River to the west and river systems of Sao Khe, Ngo Dong and Den Voi in the heart of the heritage.
Trang An Area was invaded and reworked by the sea many times in the recent geological past but is now emergent on land.
Landform development over a period of more than five million years produced scenic landscape of extraordinary beauty – a blend of towering cliff-bounded mountains draped in natural rain forest, surrounded by huge and deeply developed internal basins whose clear and quietly flowing waters are connected through a myriad of underground streams and caverns, many of which are navigable by small sampans carrying tourists.
Outstanding values
Cultural value
Trang An is a prominent place in Southeast Asia and the world which contains abundant archaeological evidences preserved almost intactly, mostly shells, animal bones, pottery, stone tools, kitchen floor and human remains.
This is an extremely valuable documentary treasure demonstrating the way that prehistoric human interacted with natural landscape and adapted to major changes of environment over more than 30,000 years, at least since the late Ice Age.
During this time, they endured some of the most turbulent climatic and geographical changes in the Earth's history.
Besides, cultural and historical relics such as pagodas, temples, palaces in Trang An also contribute to consolidating many archaeological documents.
Aesthetic value
The karst tower landscape of Trang An is among the most beautiful and awe-inspiring places of its kind anywhere in the world. Dominating the landscape is a spectacular array of cone-shaped rock towers whose sheer vertical walls rise abruptly 200m above the surrounding land and water.
Narrow interconnecting ridges, which have been likened to mythical giant swords, enclose circular and linear depressions whose expansive waterways are linked by gently flowing streams winding through subterranean caverns up to one kilometer in length. Visitors, carried through these passages in small traditional sampans, can enjoy the multitude of fascinating carbonate stalactites, curtains and other decorations that adorn the ceilings.
Several historic temples and pagodas, some perched high on the valley walls and peaks, signify the important spiritual and religious associations with the landscape.
The countryside of the surrounding buffer zone presents a picture of traditional rural life with gardens and fields among small villages linked by simple tracks, narrow roads and a network of streams and canals.
Geological and geomorphological value
Trang An displays the end stages of karst tower landscape evolution in a humid tropical environment.
The product of deep dissection of an uplifted limestone massif over a period of millions years is a remarkable array of classical karst landforms, including cones and towers, depressions (cockpits), valleys (poljes), rockfall collapse structures and deposits, subterranean caverns and rivers, caves and speleothems.
A network of cross-cutting parallel faults divides the area into cells and promotes the development of enclosed depressions.
An altitudinal series of erosional notches in rock walls with associated caves, wave-cut platforms, beach deposits and marine shells is evidence of former stands of sea level.
On 23 June 2014, in Doha (Qatar), World Heritage Committee of United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) recognized officially Trang An Landscape Complex as World Cultural and Natural Heritage Site based on three criteria: culture, aestheticism and geology – geomorphology.
Main tourist sites
Hoa Lu Ancient Citadel Cultural – Historical Area: King Dinh Temple, King Le Temple, Co Am Pagoda, Kim Ngan Pagoda, Duyen Ninh Pagoda, Nhat Tru Pagoda, Thien Ton Grotto…
Trang An Scenic Area: Trinh Temple, Tran Temple, Tu Tru Temple, Dia Linh Cave, Sinh Duoc Cave, May Cave, Nau Ruou Cave, Bai Dinh Pagoda Complex…
Tam Coc – Bich Dong Scenic Area: Bich Dong Pagoda, Linh Coc Pagoda, Thai Vi Temple, Thien Huong Grotto, Tien Grotto, Thien Ha Grotto, But Cave, Mua Cave, Ca Cave, Thung Nham, Thung Nang, Co Vien Lau Ancient Village…
NHA NHAC, VIETNAMESE COURT MUSIC (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
In its ordinary meaning, Court Music is understood as music genres, including music for dance and opera, used in worshiping ceremonies, national court – organized festivities, and occasions of entertainment for Kings and Royal families.
But the term Nha Nhac (imported from China) was used by Vietnamese feudal dynasties from the Ho Dynasty with different meanings, for example sometimes indicating general court music, sometimes court ritual music in particular, sometimes indicating music department, even a concrete orchestra.
The initial foundation of Nha Nhac – the Vietnamese Court Music began conceiving since the 13th century but it only reached the peak at the Hue Court under the Nguyen Dynasty (1802-1945). The Court Music was officially formed along with the rise of Nguyen Dynasty in the early 19th century.
In about 1947, 1948, Madame Tu Cung (mother of King Bao Dai, wife of King Khai Dinh) gathered once again some court music artists, helping to maintain some genres of Hue Court Music and dance.
In the 1980s, it began to attract attention of the Ministry of Culture and local authorities.
In the 1990s, Hue Court Music enjoyed renaissance.
Thereafter Hue Court Music has been introduced much abroad.
The different genres of the Hue Court Music include worshiping ritual music, court ritual music, court dances, chamber music and opera (royal classical opera - tuong).
In the former times, Hue Court Music consisted of various genres: Giao Nhac used in the sacrifice ceremony to the Heaven and the Earth. Mieu Nhac used in worshipping ceremonies at the temples of meritorious ancestors of the Nguyen clan, Confucius, Nguyen Dynasty's literature doctors, national heroes; Ngu Tu Nhac used in Than Nong, Thanh Hoang, Xa Tac worshiping ceremonies; Dai Trieu Nhac used in great ceremonies or receptions of foreign ambassadors; Thuong Trieu Nhac used in ordinary court ceremonies; Yen Nhac used in great royal banquets; Cung Nhac (or Cung Trung Nhac) used inside the royal palaces.
Former Hue court dances were rich and performed on many occasions.
The 11 court dances remained until now are composed of Bat Dat (used in Giao, Mieu, Xa Tac, historical kings and Confucius worshipping ceremonies); Luc cung, Tam tinh, Bat tien, Dau Chien thang Phat, Tu Linh, Tam quoc Tay Du (used in van tho - King’s birthday, thanh tho - birthday of King’s mother, tien tho - birthday of Hoang Thai Phi (the imperial concubine of King’s late father) and the Mu (a Fairy or Guardian angel) worshipping ceremonies); and thien xuan (birthday of the prince – the successor to the throne); Trinh tuong tap khanh (used in tu, ngu tuan dai khanh ceremonies for wealthy people and powerful country; Nu tuong xuat quan (used on the Days of Victory, Nguyen Dynasty Enthroning Day, lunar - calendar May 2nd, at great night banquets and receptions of foreign ambassadors); Vu phien (devoted to the King's Mother, wife, ladies-in-waiting, princesses at weddings); Luc triet hoa ma dang (on Nguyen Dynasty Enthroning Day for the watching of the people masses in the front of Phu Van Lau).
The repertoire for court music genres mentioned above consisted of a variety musical pieces.
Yet, in the declining stages, many of them were lost; only the words have been remained.
The pieces still preserved are Muoi ban ngu ( or lien bo thap chuong - suite composed of 10 pieces including: Pham tuyet, Nguyen tieu, Ho quang, Lien hoan, Binh ban, Tay mai, Kim tien, Xuan phong, Long ho, Tau ma), Long dang, Long ngam, Phu luc, Tieu khuc, Tam luan cuu chuyen - ritual music asking for good rains, Dang dan cung, Dang dan don, Dang dan kep, Thai binh co nhac, Bong, Ma vu, Man and some other pieces of chamber music such as Nam Binh and Nam Ai, etc.
Nguyen Dynasty court orchestras were divers in type and number of instruments, depending on the kind of royal rituals and entertainment. There were many kinds of orchestra for example Nha nhac, Huyen nhac, Ti truc te nhac, Tieu nhac, Dai nhac, Co xuy dai nhac, Nhac Thieu, Bat am, Ty chung, Ty khanh, Ty co, etc.
Hue Court Music succeeded and enhanced the achievements of Thang Long Court Music – formed many centuries ago - to a new height.
This succession and enhancement are shown in: Maintaining some court orchestras of the previous dynasties (the most distinctive of which are Tran Dynasty's Tieu nhac and Dai nhac) and creating rich variations based on Le Dynasty ‘s orchestras;
The continuing use of many common musical instruments of Thang Long Royal Music;
Maintaining and diversifying some previous court dances, at the same time creating many new dances;
Creating a new type of chamber music (don ca Hue) and enhancing Vietnamese instrumental music to a new height both in performance techniques and forms of ensemble;
Succeeding the Dang ngoai "tuong" and bringing it to flourish simultaneously forming a new specific kind of tuong: the "tuong Kinh" (tuong of the capital city) in the style of "tuong van";
Succeeding the system of tone regulations of the Hong Duc time under Le Dynasty in the second half of the 15thcentury and developing music language and theory;
Continuing the traditions of learning, adopting and Vietnamising foreign music elements that were shaped in Vietnamese music in general and in Thang Long Court Music in particular…
The special traits of Hue Court Music is the process of integrating, adopting and modifying Chinese, Champa cultures and Buddhist, Confucian impacts.
Court Music is closely connected with "tuong" (hat boi) art.
Hue Court Music synthetizes itself the abundance and diversity in many aspects including the art-type aspect, the genre aspect, types of instrument and timbre, in repertoires, in kinds of orchestra organization and ensemble forms, the performance environment and melody…
So Hue Court Music could satisfy both the spectators’ audition and vision by its abundance "dishes of different tastes".
The Hue Court Music has large scale and highly professional:
As the official music of the state, it consists of many large scale orchestras, many music and dance items were performed by a big staff of instrumentalists, singers and dancers.
Moreover, this is the music genre that has high degree of improvisation and variation of the melodious scheme.
At the official meeting of the World Heritage Committee (WHC) in Paris, Nha nhac, Vietnamese Court Music, thatHue has preserved so long, was officially listed by UNESCO among masterpieces of the Oral and intangible heritage of humanity on 7th November 2003.
This is the first intangible heritage of Viet Nam ever listed in this list, recognized the achievements of 10-year process of striving, tireless preparation of the central, local governments and the Hue Monuments Conservation Centre.
Shortcut
VIETNAMESE COURT MUSIC PERFORMANCES
Duyet Thi Duong Theatre
Add: Hue Imperial Citadel, Thuan Thanh Ward, Hue City
Tel: (84-54) 3514 989/ 3522 070
Fax: (84-54) 3522 070
Minh Khiem Duong Theatre
Add: King Tu Duc Tomb, Thuong Ba Hamlet, Thuy Xuan Commune, Hue City
Tel: (84-54) 3836 427
Performance time: 02 shifts/day, each shift lasts for 30 minutes
Morning: From 10:00 to 10:30
Afternoon: From 14:30 to 15:00
Ticket price:
Type I: VND120,000/ticket (enjoy art and royal tea)
Type II: VND70,000/ticket (enjoy art and be served drinks)
Tourism services at two theatres:
- Take photos with artists of the theatres.
- Visit the exhibition hall of antiques and pictures about the royal art (musical instruments, costumes, masks...); souvenir stalls selling arts products, paintings, photos, books, tapes, discs about court music, dance, and royal classical opera…
- Enjoy royal tea, lotus tea; Hue types of cakes, jams, traditional tea.
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Thua Thien - Hue
Contact:
Hotels in Thua Thien - Hue
THE SPACE OF GONG CULTURE IN CENTRAL HIGHLANDS (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
The space of gong culture in Central Highlands of Viet Nam covers 5 provinces of Kon Tum, Gia Lai, Dak Lak, Dak Nong and Lam Dong. The masters of gong culture are the ethnic groups of Ba Na, Xo Dang, M’Nong, Co Ho, Ro Mam, E De, Gia Rai… 
The gong performances are always closely tied to community cultural rituals and ceremonies of the ethnic groups in Central Highlands.
The gongs are made of brass alloy or a mixture of brass and gold, silver, bronze.
Their diameter is from 20cm to 60cm or from 90cm to 120cm.
A set of gongs consists of 2 to 12 or 13 units and even to 18 or 20 units in some places.
In most of ethnic groups, namely Gia Rai, Ede Kpah, Ba Na, Xo Dang, Brau, Co Ho, etc., only males are allowed to play gongs. However, in others such as Ma and M’Nong groups, both males and females can play gongs.
Few ethnic groups (for example, E De Bih), gongs are performed by women only.
As for the majority of ethnic groups in Central Highlands, gongs are musical instruments of sacred power.
It is believed that every gong is the settlement of a god who gets more powerful as the gong is older.
In Central Highlands, gongs are often performed in the form of orchestra.
Gong orchestras adopt a natural sound-scale as the foundation for theirs.
Depending on different ethnic groups, a gong orchestra can consist of 3, 5 or 6 primary sounds.
However, as a polyphonic musical instrument, gongs often have some additional sounds apart from their basic ones.
In fact, a six-gong orchestra can produce more or less 12 different sounds.
So, gong sounds are heard resonant and solid.
The space of gong culture in Central Highlands are heritage with temporal and spatial imprints.
Through its categories, sound-amplifying method, sound scale and gamut, tunes and performance art, we will have an insight in a complicated art developing from simple to complexity, from single to multi-channel.
It contains different historical layers of the development of music since the primitive period.
All artistic values have the relationships of similarities and dissimilarities, bringing about their regional identities.
With its diversity and originality, it’s possible to confirm that gongs hold a special status in Viet Nam’s traditional music.
On November 25, 2005 in Paris, France, the space of gong culture in Central Highlands was recognized by UNESCO as an oral-transmitted masterpiece and intangible cultural heritage of the humanity.
Shortcut
Gongs are usually performed on the occasions
Gong Festival: held alternately annually (non-priodical holding) in the Central Highlands provinces of Dak Lak, Dak Nong, Gia Lai, Lam Dong, Kon Tum.
In the festival, the artists from the provinces will present, perform the space of gong culture of their own province.
Elephant Race Festival in Don Village: held in March every odd year in Don Village (Krong Na Commune, Buon Don District, Dak Lak Province).
Central Highlands Spring Festival: lasting January to March every year in the ethnic villages in the Central Highlands
Some places of gong performances in Central Highland:
1. KonKoTu Village – Cultural Village of Ba Na ethnic group (Dak Ro Wa Commune, about 8km from Kon Tum City);
2. Mang Den Ecotourism Site (Dak Long Commune, Kon Plong District, Kon Tum Province);
3. Plei Op Culture – Tourism Village (Hoa Lu Ward, Pleiku City) and To Nung Village (Ya Ma Commune, Kong Chro District) in Gia Lai Province;
4. Buon Don Tourist Centre (Tri A Village, Krong Na Commune, Buon Don District, Dak Lak Province);
5. Jun Village, Lak Lake Tourist Site (Lien Son Town, Lak District, Dak Lak Province);
6. Doi Mong Mo Tourist Area (No.5 Mai Anh Dao St., Ward 8, Da Lat City, Lam Dong Province);
7. Some gong clubs in Lac Duong District, Lam Dong Province:
No.
Name
Address
Contact
Đăng Jrung
Bon Đưng I Quarter
Ki ốt
Bon Đưng I Quarter
Contact:
Tour Operators in Dak Lak
Contact:
Hotels in Dak Lak
CA TRU SINGING (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Ca Tru has many names, depending on each locality, each period of time, it is also called A dao singing, Cua dinh singing, Cua quyen singing, Co dau singing, Nha to singing, Nha tro singing and Ca cong singing.
Ca Tru performing is involved by at least three people: A female singer (called “dao” or “ca nuong”) both singing and playing the phach (which is made of bamboo or wood. It is struck with two hard wooden beaters, one of which is split into two so it creates a different slightly higher pitched sound.). A male instrumentalist (called “kep”) playing the dan day three-stringed lute (which has 3 strings and 10 frets.) . And a person beating the trong chau or “praise drum” (called “quan vien” - a musician from the group of Ca Tru singer and instrumentalist or sometimes is the composer of the lyrics.).
With consensus, voluntary and full understanding of Ca tru singing community, along with action plans, responsibilities, commitments, supports and assistances of authorities at all levels of the state, Ca tru has been safeguarded to ensure its vitality. And with the preeminent features, after four years of waiting, since the Government decided to submit to UNESCO for its consideration, Ca tru singing has been inscribed on the list of Intangible Cultural Heritage in need of Urgent Safeguarding on October 1, 2009 in Abu Dhabi, UAE.
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
Ca Tru Thang Long Club performs Ca tru singing from 20h00 to 21h00 on every Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday at Old House 87 Ma May Street, Hoan Kiem District with items such as Non Nuoc, Gui thu (Sending letter), 36 tunes, Hat ru (Lullaby), Hat noi (recital melody), Ty ba hanh…
Ticket price: USD10 (VND209.000)/turn
Tel: (84) 1223 266 897
Ca Tru Ha Noi Club performs Ca tru singing from 20h00 - 21h00 on every Wednesday, Friday and Sunday at 42Hang Bac Street, Hoan Kiem District.
Ticket price: VND200,000/turn
Tel: (84) 974020400
Some additional information:
- The songs performed by Vietnamese but English quotation throughout the shows
- At the break time, visitors will learn about the history of Ca tru singing, the instruments used in Ca tru performance and also have the opportunity to play the instruments, take photos artisans.
Ca tru UNESCO Centre performs Ca tru singing from 9h30 – 11h00a.m on the first Sunday of the month at Museumof Ethnology Viet Nam (Nguyen Van Huyen St., Cau Giay District).
Free tickets for all visitors
Tel: (84-4) 3756 2193
QUAN HO BAC NINH FOLK SONGS (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Quan ho Bac Ninh is folk songs of the Red River Delta, concentrates mainly in Kinh Bac region (provinces of Bac Ninh and Bac Giang).
This is a kind of art composed by the elements of music, lyric, costume, festival…
Quan ho Bac Ninh folk songs show close-knit relation between male singers (lien anh) and female singers (lien chi) and are typical culture of Kinh Bac region’s people.
Quan ho folk songs passed from generation to generation through oral have the most melodies in Viet Nam’s folk-song genres.
Quan ho folk songs are always performed voluntarily in groups of male (bon nam) or female (bon nu).
Each group usually has four to six people who are named by order such as “Second Sister”, “Third Sister”, “Fourth Sister”, or “Second Brother”, “Third Brother”, “Fourth Brother” and so on.
If the size of a group reaches seven or eight people, then they are divided into “older siblings” and “younger siblings” named as the “Third Older Sister”, “Third Younger Sister” or “Third Older Brother”, “Third Younger Brother”...
Quan ho folk songs are alternating response songs between the groups of male and female.
A group of female from one village sings with a group of male from another village with similar melodies, but different lyrics, and always with alternating tunes.
In each group, one person sings the leading tune and another sings a secondary part, but the two should be in perfect harmony at the same timbre.
Quan ho folk songs have 213 different melody variations and more than 400 song lyrics.
A song lyric includes two parts: the principal text is the core of the song, containing its base lyrics.
The lyrics of Quan ho folk songs derived from poems and folk verses of the Viet Nam, mostly 6 syllable and 8 syllable verses, modified 6 syllable and 8 syllable verses, 4 syllable or mixed 4 syllable verses express people’s emotional states in metaphorical language.
The secondary text includes words that are added to the melodies, such as i hi, u hu, a ha...
Quan ho folk songs exist in a cultural environment with their own social customs.
The first is friendship custom among Quan ho villages.
From the friendship custom, a special social custom appears among Quan ho groups. It’s friend-making custom.
Each Quan ho group from one village makes friends with another group from another village following the principle that male groups make friends with female groups and vice versa.
With the friendship-partner villages, men and women in Quan ho groups from these villages are not allowed to marry each other.
One particular characteristic of Quan ho singing is the teaching and dissemination through “sleepover” custom.
Boys and girls from 9 to 16 or 17 years old, invite each other to sleep over in their host’s house to learn Quan ho singing techniques.
Male and female singers combine and practice their voices in pairs in order to have a unified timbre for performance.
Quan ho gastronomy uses phoenix wing-shaped quid of betel and areca, Thai Nguyen tea.
In meal, it must use red tray (mam son) which is made of timber and painted red to express host’s emotion to visitors.
Dishes in the meal depend on each village’s custom but must include a plate of chicken, two plates of lean pork paste, lean pork; especially no fat dishes to avoid damaging voice.
In performance, the outfits of Quan ho are distinctive.
The female costume includes non thung quai thao (the large round Quan ho hat) and scarf for wrapping the hair, camisole, tunic, skirt, scarves tied about the waist and slippers.
The male costume includes turban, umbrella, shirt or robe including undershirts and long tunics with five pieces, trousers and slippers.
At 16h55 on September 30, 2009 in Abu Dhabi Capital of United Arab Emirates, UNESCO recognized Quan ho Bac Ninh folk songs as intangible cultural heritage of humanity for its cultural value, social custom preservation, performing arts, style of contact, lyric and costume.
The recognized region includes 49 traditional Quan ho villages. 44 of these villages now lie in Bac Ninh Province: Bai Uyen, Due Dong, Ha Giang, Hoai Thi, Hoai Trung, Lung Giang, Lung Son, Ngang Noi, Van Kham, Tam Son, Tieu, Dong Mai, Dong Yen, Bo Son, Cham Khe, Co Me, Duong O, Dau Han, Dieu Thon, Dong Xa, Do Xa, Hoa Dinh, Huu Chap, Kha Le, Khuc Toai, Nem Doai, Nem Son, Nem Tien, Niem Xa, Phuc Son, Thanh Son, Thi Chung, Thi Cau, Tho Ninh, Thuong Dong, Tra Xuyen, Ve An, Viem Xa, Xuan Ai, Xuan Dong, Xuân O, Xuan Vien, Y Na, Yen Man. The remaining 5 traditional villages are located in Bac Giang Province: Gia Son, Huu Nghi, Noi Ninh, Mai Vu, and Sen Ho.
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Bac Ninh
Contact:
Hotels in Bac Ninh
GIONG FESTIVAL AT PHU DONG AND SOC TEMPLES (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
The Giong Festival is a traditional festival in commemoration and praise of the mythical hero Saint Giong, one of four immortals of Vietnamese folk beliefs.
The festival vividly imitates the evolution of fights of Saint Giong and Van Lang people under the 6th King Hung reign in combating against the foreign enemies, thereby raising the public awareness about the forms of ancient tribe war and educating the patriotism, martial art traditions, indomitable will, and independence and freedom desire of the nation.
The Giong Festival is held in many locations throughout the northern part of Viet Nam, however the most typical ones are the Giong Festival at Phu Dong and Soc temples (Ha Noi).
Giong Festival at Soc Temple (Phu Linh Commune, Soc Son District, Ha Noi) is held annually from the sixth to the eighth days of the first lunar month.
According to the legend, after defeating the foreign invaders, Soc Mountain in Phu Linh is the last stopover of the saint before flying to heaven.
To prepare for the festival, at the fifth day night, people from eight villages of six communes in Soc Son District have carefully prepared offerings to the saint. On the sixth day - the opening festival day - villagers and pilgrims make incense offering to the Saint Giong Monument on Mount Da Chong.
On the main festival day, the seventh day which was the saint’s ascending to heaven day according to the legend, there is a procession of bamboo flowers to the Thuong Temple as offerings to the saint.
During the festival, there are other traditional games such as Chinese chess, human chess, cock fighting... and art performances of villagers as traditional opera (cheo), love duet (quan ho).
The Giong Festival at the Phu Dong Temple is held annually from the sixth to the twelfth days of the fourth lunar month in the village of Saint Giong’s birth in Phu Dong Commune, Gia Lam District, Ha Noi.
From the sixth to eighth days, there are ceremonies of carrying flags to Mau (Mother) Temple where is dedicated to the Saint Giong’s mother and carrying offerings of boiled rice and salted egg-plants to Thuong (Upper) Temple where is dedicated to the Saint Giong.
The main day of the festival is the ninth of the fourth lunar month. On this day flags are carried from the Mau Temple to the Thuong Temple to sacrifice to the saint.
On the tenth day, there are ceremonies of inspecting battlefield and giving offerings to the Saint Giong.
On the eleventh day, the ceremony of cleaning and washing weapons with holy water takes place.
On the twelfth day, a flag procession goes to announce the victorious news to heaven and earth.
The Giong Festival of Phu Dong and Soc temples recognized as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity.
Global outstanding value of the Giong Festival is represented as a cultural phenomenon which is preserved and handed down constantly and integrally over many generations.
The festival also serves as a community link and contains many creative ideas, expressing the desire for national peace and family prosperity.
The Giong Festival of Phu Dong and Soc temples has officially been recognized as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity by the UNESCO since November 2010.
UNESCO has shortly and fully recorded of the Giong Festival as "a Viet Nam culture museum that keeps many alluvial layers of culture and beliefs."
XOAN SINGING IN PHU THO PROVINCE (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Xoan singing or hat cua dinh (singing at the communal house) is a kind of performing art relating to worshipping gods.
In the past, Van Lang people held Xoan singing performance in the spring to welcome the new year.
There are three forms of Xoan singing as the worship singing to commemorate Hung Kings and village guardian gods; the ritual singing to pray for good crops, good health; and the festive singing – a form of love duet.
Xoan singing has existed for more than 2,000 years since Hung Kings dynasty.
So all old Xoan songs originated from ancient villages in the center of Van Lang nation (now Phu Tho Province), after spread out the villages in the two banks of Lo and Hong rivers.
Four old Xoan guilds are An Thai, Phu Duc, Kim Doi and Thet in two communes of Kim Duc and Phuong Lau (Viet Tri City, Phu Tho Province).
On November 24th 2011, at the 6th meeting of the Inter-governmental Committee for the Conservation of Intangible Cultural Heritage of UNESCO held in Bali, Indonesia, Xoan singing in Phu Tho was officially recognized by UNESCO as an Intangible Cultural Heritage in need of urgent safeguarding.
Xoan singing is usually performed on the occasions
In the spring: One after another the Xoan guilds of Phu Tho Province begin the sping round of pleasures at communal houses and temples since the first day of the New Year.
In the morning of Lunar New Year's days, the Xoan guild of which village sings in that village, in the evening, all Xoan guilds come together to sing in turn at the communal houses and temples as follows:
on the first day of the Lunar New Year, singing at the Ca Communal House and Cam Temple in An Thai Village (Phuong Lau Commune, Viet Tri City);
on the second day, singing at Doi Communal House in Kim Doi Village;
on the third day, singing at Lai Len Temple in Phu Duc Village;
on the fourth day, singing at Thet Communal House in Thet Village (Kim Duc Commune, Viet Tri City).
On the fifth day, often singing at the Hung Temple (Hy Cuong Commune, Viet Tri City), the singing time is prescribed at a determined singing place, each guildchooses a location.
Hung Kings Temple Festival in Phu Tho Province: usually held from the 5th to the 10th days of the third lunar month.
On the ancestor's death anniversary, as well as on the main festive day (on the tenth of the third lunar month)the ritual of worship singing (or Xoan singing) will be carried out.
This is a very important and unique ritual.
In addition,during the festival, programs of Xoan singing of ancient villages are always organized for pilgrims to the ancestor land.
WORSHIP OF HUNG KINGS IN PHU THO PROVINCE (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
The worship of Hung Kings originates from Hung Kings dynasty in the belief that all Vietnamese people have the same origin “Dragon’s children and Fairy’s grand-children”;
and also expresses Vietnamese philosophy “When drinking water, remember the source” and the spirit of great national unity.
According to legend, Lac Long Quan – son of Kinh Duong Vuong Loc Tuc got married with Au Co – daughter of King De Lai and gave birth to 100 sons.
After that, 50 sons followed Au Co and 50 others followed Lac Long Quan to settle.
The first son followed his mother to arrived in Phong Chau Land (now Phu Tho Province) and established Van Lang Nation and became King Hung.
Van Lang was the first nation in Vietnamese history and ruled by 18 kings.
Hung Kings taught local people to grow rice and selected Nghia Linh Mountain, the highest mountain in the region to perform the religious rituals of the agricultural population as worship of rice god and sun god for the good weather, good crops.
To remember the great merit of Hung Kings, the people set up the temple (Hung Kings Temple Relic Site) at the center of Nghia Linh Mountain and chose the 10th day of the third lunar month as Ancestral Anniversary day.
From this first temple, the worship of Hung Kings has gradually spread and reaches a national level, and now it is practiced at temples in Northern, Central and Southern and also by Vietnamese overseas.
According to historical documents, the worship of Hung Kings has strongly developed for a long time before officially honored in Le Dynasty (1428 – 1788).
It was acknowledged by the imperial dynasties of the Le (1428–1788), Tay Son (1778–1802), and Nguyen (1802–1945) by means of codified legends, royal conferment, and provision of lands to support the worship.
Today the Government allocates a substantial budget to safeguard, restore and maintain the spaces of the worship of Hung Kings, especially at Hung Kings Temple Relic Site, and supports the efforts of local people with a role in the Hung Kings Ancestral Anniversary, publishing items (books and DVDs) on legends, rituals and the folk arts related to the worship to serve communities. There are also initiatives to include Hung Kings legend materials in the school curriculum in order transmit the tradition to future generations. The Government also approved a public holiday on the 10th day of the third lunar month so that people nationwide participate and organize sacrificial activities.
The total number of Hung Kings temples nationwide is 1,417.
The worship of Hung Kings has diversified forms, typically Hung Kings are jointly worshiped with many other characters as princesses Tien Dung, Ngoc Hoa; Saint Tan Vien; Trung Trac and Trung Nhi… in the temples in Phu Tho Province.
The joint worship forms with Long Hai Dai Vuong, Phu Dong Thien Vuong, Mai An Tiem, Chu Dong Tu… also develop in Ha Noi, Thai Binh, Hai Duong, Thanh Hoa… 
In many localities, Hung Kings are also joint-worshiped at family’s altar.
Every year, on the 10th day of the third lunar month, Ancestral Anniversary day is held at Hung Kings temples nationwide, of which biggest one takes place in Hung Kings Temple Relic Site.
In Phu Tho Province, each village selects a Festival Organizing Board (Ban Khanh Tiet) of 6-9 mature, knowledgeable individuals of good conducts who lead and manage the rituals.
The Board appoints suitably expert temple guardians to tend worship sites, instruct devotees and offer incense to Hung Kings year round.
With unique and distinct values, on 6 December 2012, in Paris (France), UNESCO officially recognized the worship of Hung Kings in Phu Tho Province as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
This is the first belief in Viet Nam recognized as world heritage.
The recognized-space includes 109 villages in Phu Tho Town, Viet Tri City and districts of Cam Khe, Doan Hung, Ha Hoa, Lam Thao, Phu Ninh, Tam Nong, Thanh Ba, Thanh Son, Thanh Thuy and Yen Lap (Phu Tho Province).
ATTRACTIONS
- National Father Lac Long Quan Temple
- National Mother Au Co Temple
- Hung Kings Temple
- Hung Vuong Museum
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
- Electric car services:
- Station No.1 to the Hung Kings Temple: VND15,000/person
- Hung Kings Temple to the National Father Lac Long Quan Temple: VND35,000/person
- Hung Kings Temple to the National Mother Au Co Temple: VND35,000/person
- Visiting all the complex: VND100,000/person
- Accommodation: Mai An Tiem Guesthouse (about VND350,000 for a double-room).
Hung Kings Temple Tourism Service Center
Address: Hung Kings Temple Relic Complex
Tel: (84-210) 3860 133/3860 878/3970 933/3970 969;
Fax: (84-210) 3970 968;
Email: dulichdenhung@gmail.com
Website: http://denhung.org.vn
ART OF DON CA TAI TU MUSIC AND SONG IN THE SOUTH OF VIET NAM (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Art of Don ca tai tu music and song in the South of Viet Nam (hereinafter referred to as Don ca tai tu) is a musical art that has both scholarly and folk roots. It developed in the South of Viet Nam in the late nineteenth century.
Don ca tai tu resonates with the lifestyle of the Southern people who work on the land and rivers of the delta region.
It reflects their inner feelings and emotions, industriousness, generosity and courage.
Characteristics
Don ca tai tu has been influenced by some other forms of cultural heritage from the Central and South of Viet Nam such as ceremonial music (nhac le), classical theatre and folk song (hat boi).
The repertoire of Don ca tai tu is based on 20 principal songs (bai to) and 72 classical songs (bai nhac co). These songs consist of skeletal melodies which are used as the basis for improvisation and variation.
Instruments for Don ca tai tu performance include the moon-shaped lute (kim), two-stringed fiddle (co), 16-string zither (tranh), pear-shaped lute (ty ba), percussion (song lang), monochord (bau) and bamboo flute (sao).
The violin and guitar are adapted. The guitar used by Don ca tai tu artists has a deep, hollowed-out finger board, enabling musicians to play special ornamentation characteristic of Don ca tai tu.
Don ca tai tu practitioners include master instrumentalists (thay don), who are highly skillful at playing and teaching numerous instruments and who have mastered all of the classical repertoire; master lyricists (thay tuong), who are knowledgeable and experienced at composing new song texts; master singers (thay ca), who have mastered the classical repertoire and who can perform and teach the distinctive Don ca tai tu vocal techniques and ornamentation.
There are also regular instrumentalists (danh cam) and singers (danh ca).
Don ca tai tu is performed within hereditary musical families and by music ensembles and clubs.
The audience can join practicing, making comments or creating new song texts.
Don ca tai tu is passed between generations through two methods:
The traditional method of oral transmission as truyen ngon, truyen khau, which literally means “transmitting through the fingers and through the mouth”. For this traditional method, the master instrumentalists and singers directly teach learners who are members of ensembles, clubs or families. The second method combines traditional oral methods of transmission with a syllabus in many of the national and provincial schools of art and culture.
Instrumentalists must study for at least three years in order to learn basic instrumental techniques, such as tremolo, glissando, trills, vibrato...
They learn to perform solo or with other musicians in duets, trios, quartets, quintets or sextets. Vocal learners, performing either solo or in a duet, study the traditional songs.
The people in Southern of Viet Nam consider Don ca tai tu as an indispensible spiritual cultural activity in festivals, death anniversary rituals and celebratory social events like weddings and birthdays... The Death Anniversary of the Ancestors held annually on the twelfth day of the eighth lunar month.
Outstanding values
Originated in diversified cultural tradition of the Central and Southern regions of Viet Nam, Don ca tai tu is always an important element in social and cultural life of Vietnamese people.
Don ca tai tu is a cultural heritage value that mixes the influences of court music and popular music, and has been influenced cultural exchanges with Chinese, Khmer and Western populations.
The performance of Don ca tai tu also helps the community preserve other cultural practices and customs that are associated with festivals, oral culture, and handicrafts.
Nowadays, Don ca tai tu is not only a cultural activity of the community, it also makes a contribution to sustainable tourism in the local area.
Clubs of Don ca tai tu
According to the inventory implemented in 2011, Don ca tai tu is practiced in more than 2,500 clubs, groups and families in 21 provinces and cities in the South of Viet Nam including An Giang, Ba Ria - Vung Tau, Bac Lieu, Ben Tre, Binh Dương, Binh Phuoc, Binh Thuan, Ca Mau, Can Tho, Dong Nai, Dong Thap, Hau Giang, Ho Chi Minh City, Kien Giang, Long An, Ninh Thuan, Soc Trang, Tay Ninh, Tien Giang, Tra Vinh and Vinh Long.
On 5 December 2013, at the 8th session of the Intergovernmental Committee for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage held in Baku City (Azerbaijan), UNESCO recognized officially Don ca tai tu as Intangible CulturalHeritage of Humanity.
VI AND GIAM FOLK SONGS OF NGHE TINH (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Vi and Giam folk songs of Nghe Tinh occupy an important position in the cultural and spiritual life of people of Nghe An and Ha Tinh provinces (abbreviated as Nghe Tinh).
This is a type of art that has long lasting life, imbued character and manner of Nghe Tinh people and is the precious heritage in Vietnamese cultural treasure.
Characteristics of Vi and Giam Folk Songs of Nghe Tinh
Originated from two Nghe Tinh folk forms of Vi singing and Giam singing, Vi and Giam folk songs are practiced in almost daily activities of local people such as lulling children to sleep, cultivating rice in the fields, rowing boats, making conical hats…
Vi songs are named according to different performing contexts, such as ‘rice-seedling transplanting Vi’, ‘conical-hat making Vi”, or ‘weaving Vi’.
Vi is performed in three styles: non-alternating, alternating and ‘organized group’ singing.
There are various types of Giam songs known as ‘lullaby Giam’, ‘narrative Giam’, ‘advice Giam’.
Vi and Giam lyrics use the specific dialect and linguistic idioms of the Nghe Tinh region and practitioners sing with the particular singing voice of Nghe Tinh people.
Outstanding values of Vi and Giam Folk Songs of Nghe Tinh
Vi and Giam folk songs are strongly attached to lifestyles and customs of Nghe Tinh people. They have a powerful vitality in contemporary life and have long been handed down, transmitted, preserved and promoted.
Vi and Giam folk songs are an artistic medium for expressing the ideas and spirit of the Nghe Tinh people at the same reflecting truthfully changes in social life.
Besides, Vi and Giam folk songs also contribute to educating traditional moral values including respect for parents, loyalty, care and devotion, call upon the people to oppose oppression and injustice.
Joining in Vi and Giam folk singing is the opportunity to strengthen community coherence.
Vi and Giam folk singing is the open space for everyone, regardless of their age, occupation and religion.
Performances are undertaken to ensure equality and mutual respect among communities, groups and individuals and contribute to sustainable development of society.
Vi and Giam folk songs are also the source of inspiration for many contemporary composers and have provided musical motifs for numerous well-known popular songs and operatic works that are well liked by the public.
Practicing Vi and Giam Folk Songs of Nghe Tinh
Vi and Giam folk songs are practiced widely in Vietnamese community in Nghe An and Ha Tinh provinces.
According to an inventory undertaken by Viet Nam Institute of Culture and Arts Studies in 2013, now there are 75 Vi and Giam folk song groups with about 1,500 members, of which includes 803 master practitioners in 260 villages (168 villages in Nghe An Province and 92 villages in Ha Tinh Province).
With unique and outstanding values, on 27 November 2014, in the 9th session of Intergovernmental Committee for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of UNESCO in Paris (France), Vi and Giam folk songs of Nghe Tinh was officially recognized as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
TUGGING RITUALS AND GAMES (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Tugging is a longstanding and popular form of community activity in rice farming cultures in East Asia and Southeast Asia, typically the Republic of Korea, Cambodia, Philippines and Viet Nam.
Characteristics
Tugging is a social ritual with the purpose of wishing for rainfall required for agriculture and bountiful harvests or fortune-telling with regards to the success or failure of farming efforts.
It is believed that practicing and obeying to the rules of tugging ritual will help abundant harvests, prosperity and happiness.
So, not only as a common folk game, tugging also contains deep culture values expressing through own customs and beliefs of each country.
In Viet Nam, tugging rituals and games are concentrated mostly in the Northern Midlands, the Red River Delta, and the North Central, which are the ancient land of the Viet and the cradle of the native wet rice culture.
In addition, they are regularly practiced by ethnic groups in the Northern Mountains, such as Tay, Thai, and Giay.
Held as a part of the spring festivals, marking the beginning of a new agricultural cycle and expressing wishes for bumper crops, Tugging rituals and games generally entail the participation of almost all members in the community, each member plays distinct role such as practitioners, guiders, observers, transmitters, supporters, etc.
Of which, the elders, especially ritual specialists, always play significant roles delegating duties, guiding the rules of the tugging games, and play the key role in other related rites.
Tugging rituals and games are often organized in front of a village’s communal house.
The materials used in tugging vary from region to region; they can be made of bamboo poles, rattan cords, or hemp, reflecting the ecological and cultural context of each community.
Each tugging game has the participants of two teams with equal number of members.
The two teams will hold tightly two ends of a rope marked by a red ribbon in the middle.
When tugging game begins, the members of each team will try to pull the rope. The winning team must pull the red-ribbon mark on its side.
In tugging rituals and games, the selection procedures for the tugging rope and contenders follow particular ritual rules and local customs.
The winning team and the losing team are often arranged by custom to express certain religious meanings and the harmony of nature.
For example, the tugging rituals and games of the Tay and Giay allow the teams to be a mix of genders, and efforts are made to ensure that the women’s team wins on even-numbered years, which symbolizes reproduction and fertility.
Outstanding values
As a favourite folk game, tugging is promoted widely in contemporary life. It is appealing to people of all ages and strata because it is easy to play.
Although it has a competitive component, but winning or losing is not as important as unity, joy, and community harmony.
Beliefs and rituals are the core values of tugging expressed through rules of selection procedures for the tugging rope and contenders as well as conventions.
Thereby, the tugging bears the traces of agricultural rituals, symbolizing the strength of natural forces such as sun and rain.
In each country, tugging rituals and games have significant differences in their scale, complexity and historical background.
In Viet Nam, tugging reflects agricultural identity through symbolic acts.
In some localities, it is also closely linked to the stories of defied heroes who had contributions in fighting invaders and defending people’s prosperous life.
Tugging is mostly transmitted orally and through hands-on experience.
The elderly guide the ritual and symbolic aspects for younger generations. The tugging skills and techniques are transmitted from generation to generation with a sense of pride and responsibility.
Practicing tugging rituals and games
In Viet Nam, the representative communities for practicing tugging rituals and games include the Kinh people in Huong Canh Town (Binh Xuyen District, Vinh Phuc Province), Huu Chap Village (Hoa Long Commune, Bac Ninh City, Bac Ninh Province), Thach Ban Ward (Long Bien District, Ha Noi City), Xuan Lai Hamlet (Xuan Thu Commune, Soc Son District, Ha Noi City);
Tay people in Trung Do Hamlet (Bao Nhai Commune, Bac Ha District),
Giay people in Ta Van Giay Hamlet (Ta Van Commune, Sa Pa District)
Thai people in Ban Ngoang Hamlet (Tham Duong Commune, Van Ban District) of Lao Cai Province.
On 2 December 2015, at the 10th session of the Intergovernmental Committee for Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of UNESCO held in Windhoek City, Republic of Namibia, Tugging rituals and games in Cambodia, the Republic of Korea, the Philippines, and Viet Nam have been officially recognized as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
BUDDHIST SUTRA WOODBLOCKS OF TRUC LAM ZEN AT VINH NGHIEM PAGODA (WORLD DOCUMENTARY HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Buddhist Sutra Woodblocks at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda (Tri Yen Commune, Yen Dung District, Bac Giang Province) is the only original woodblocks of Truc Lam Zen Buddhism preserved at the pagoda.
Since founding Truc Lam Zen Buddhism (the late 13th century), King Tran Nhan Tong (1258-1308) had some important texts, sutras edited, engraved, and published to popular ideology of Buddhism in general and master monks of Truc Lam Zen Buddhism in particular.
However, most of the woodblocks were destroyed or lost due to war and weather.
In the late 19th and the early 20th century, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda was chosen to be one of the training centers of Vietnamese Buddhism Association where store records of Buddhist monks and nuns nationwide and major publishing house of Vietnamese Buddhism.
The collection of woodblocks engraved in this period includes 3,050 woodblocks, most of which are Buddhist texts, sutras, writings of three Vietnamese master monks (Dieu Ngu Giac Hoang Tran Nhan Tong (1258 – 1308), Phap Loa Dong Kien Cuong (1284 – 1330), Huyen Quang Ly Dao Tai (1254 – 1334)) and some other master monks of Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen Buddhism.
Besides, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda also has some woodblocks to print so, diep, a kind of document is only available in Truc Lam Zen Buddhism.
Especially, the pagoda stores some wood texts about treatment by medicinal herbs, acupuncture…
The woodblocks at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda were made by artisans of the craft villages in Bac Giang, Bac Ninh provinces and especially Lieu Trang Craft Village (Hai Duong Province) – where specializes in engraving woodblocks.
All woodblocks are made of thi wood.
The majority of the blocks feature printing on both sides and have been engraved with Chinese and Nom (a classical vernacular script of Vietnamese language) characters in a mirror like fashion. Depth of the engravings is approximately 1 - 1.5 mm, so prints on do paper are very clear.
And every page in a book printed this way has a bien lan (border), a ban tam (title in the centerfold), and ngu vi (blank corners).
Especially, the first or the last page of the book contains lac khoan, which is a means of showing the date, artisan, and place of origin.
The size of the woodblock depends on the categories of the sutras.
The biggest woodblock is over 100cm in length and 40-50cm in width. The smallest one is only 15 x 20cm.
The woodblocks at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda show the formation, development and ideology of Truc Lam Zen Buddhism, at the same time also mark the development of Nom writing system through the periods.
This is also an excellent work of art with unique, original and irreplaceable features.
Through this collection of woodblocks, readers can exploit plentiful information about many fields as religion, language, literature, medicine, art…
On 16th May 2012, at the meeting of Asia Pacific Regional Committee of UNESCO held in Bangkok (Thailand), Buddhist Sutra Woodblocks of Truc Lam Zen at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda was recognized as World Documentary Heritage in Memory of the World Programme, based on three criteria as authenticity; uniqueness, irreplaceability; and its position and role in the region.
WOODBLOCKS OF NGUYEN DYNASTY (WORLD DOCUMENTARY HERITAGE)
Under the Nguyen Dynasty, due to the need to popularize social standards, compulsory articles of law, Kings’ and Lords’ life and career and historical events...
the Imperial Court allowed to carve many sets of history books and literature work for delivering.
During the past activities, it helped to form a special type of record, which are the woodblocks.
These are the unique original records.
The Woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty was assessed in the heritage records as follows:
The 34,555 plates of wood-blocks of the Nguyen Dynasty (1802-1945) helped to record official literature and history as well as classic and historical books.
Their value is at once documentary and artistic.
Their technique furthermore represents a landmark in the development of woodblock carving and printing in Viet Nam.
Their importance and high value led feudal dynasties and state authorities to pay considerable attention to preserving these records through the ages.
The woodblock is a plate of wood on which words written in Chinese or Chinese transcribed Vietnamese were carved in reverse as a popular method of printing books in the Nguyen Dynasty.
At present, 34,555 plates of woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty are being preserved in the National Archive Center 4 - under the State Records and Archives Department of Viet Nam (at No.2 Yet Kieu Str., Da Lat City).
The Woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty were created primarily during the past activities of the Historiographer's Office of Nguyen Dynasty (established in 1820 under the Minh Mang reign) in Hue.
Apart from the woodblocks of official literature and history of Nguyen Dynasty, woodblocks also included classic and historical books which were collected from the Temple of Literature of Imperial College (Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam) in Hanoi and transferred to Imperial College (Quoc Tu Giam) in Hue under the reigns of Minh Mang and Thieu Tri.
Since 1960, the Woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty have been transferred to Da Lat.
The woodblocks represent an important part of the country’s feudal history. They are original with clear origin from its creation. Most of them were compiled by the Court on the basis of official documents, which were carefully verified and were managed by state bodies through different historical periods.
Due to such significant characteristics, woodblocks were considered as national treasure in feudal period, which could only be accessed by authorized people and people in Historiography's Office.
Regarding method of making the records, this is a close procedure costing a lot of time and effort: Firstly, the King launched a royal decree to allow to compile book.
Then the Historiographer's Office was responsible in researching, editing, carving and printing those kinds of books.
It researched old books and Imperial records to compile books. The completed manuscript was submitted to the King.
Then this manuscript was sent back to the Office and they corrected as the King’s suggestions.
After that, this manuscript was written down clearly and submitted with a petition to the King.
After being approved, the manuscripts of the works were carved on woodblocks under the close control of the mandarins who were appointed by the king's edict.
Then, woodblocks were used to print into books.
People could only carve books under the Kings’ order.
To manipulate the records, the Historiographer's Office had to recruit many skilled carvers.
The carvers selected from widely in localities across the country where is famous for wood carving, and the carving techniques were entirely manual.
The words were carved on wood as contained all the enthusiasm of each worker.
Each character engraved on the wood is very delicate and sharp.
Each record is not only precious material but also a unique work of art. Therefore, apart from historical value, the woodblocks also have artistic values and values in manipulating technique, marking the development of woodblocks carving and printing profession in Viet Nam.
According to some documents, most of the wood blocks are made of thi tree wood and the nha dong tree, which is both soft and smooth with an ivory colour. These kinds of wood are especially good for preserving the shape of the carvings.
Therefore, even gone through hundreds of years the woodblocks have been still in good physical condition.
In addition, le and tao trees are also used for carving woodblocks.
The collection boasts many valuable and rare wood blocks, including Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi (History of the Unification of Great Viet Nam) and Dai Nam Thuc Luc (Royal Annals of Great Viet Nam), Kham dinh Viet su thong giam cuong muc, Kham dinh Dai Nam hoi dien su le...
They also include poems and literature works written by prominent kings like Minh Mang, Thieu Tri and Tu
Nowadays, woodblocks on the field of official literature and history of feudal dynasties like this kind of the documents are specially valuable and rare records of Viet Nam and also quite rare in the world.
These records formed during the past activities of the Emperor and bodies under the feudal machinery of administration in Nguyen Dynasty.
Woodblocks are sources of reliable history to help to study, compare, review relevant history materials to serve better for researching in the fields of Vietnamese history.
On 30th July 2009, the woodblocks of the Nguyen Dynasty have been recognized as a World Documentary Heritage at the meeting of the International Advisory Committee (IAC) of the UNESCO in Bridgetown (Barbados), from the 29th to the 31st of July 2009.
They became the first entry of Viet Nam in the list of UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme.
The Woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty are particularly rare documents in Viet Nam as well as in the world.
STONE STELE RECORDS OF ROYAL EXAMINATIONS OF THE LE AND MAC DYNASTIES (WORLD DOCUMENTARY HERITAGE)
Stone steles in Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam include 82 steles which record the royal examinations of Le and Mac dynasties (1442-1779).
All steles are put on stone tortoises’ back to represent everlasting national quintessence and reflect historical and cultural values of Viet Nam through 300 years.
In 1484, King Le Thanh Tong gave an order to erect the first 10 steles for the royal examinations held in 1442, 1448, 1463, 1466, 1469, 1472, 1475, 1478, 1481 and 1484 under Le So Dynasty.
However, now only 7 steles remain.
In next years, Le So Dynasty had 5 steles erected for the royal examinations held in 1487, 1496, 1502, 1511 and 1514.
Under Mac Dynasty, only 2 steles were erected for the royal examinations held in 1518 (under Le So Dynasty) and 1529 because of civil war.
Under Le Trung Hung Dynasty, the royal examinations were restored and hold regularly. In 1653, Le Trung Hung Dynasty had the most number of steles erected in Temple of Literature with 25 steles for the royal examinations held between 1554 and 1652.
Then in 1717, 21 steles were erected for the royal examinations held between 1656 and 1712.
With two large courses of stele erection and next regular stele erections, Le Trung Hung Dynasty had most steles erected in Temple of Literature (68/82).
Under Tay Son (1788 - 1802) and Nguyen (1802 - 1945) dynasties, capital city was removed to Phu Xuan – Hue and steles were not erected in Van Mieu (Ha Noi) any more.
Nguyen Dynasty gave an order to erect steles in Van Mieu (Hue) from the royal examination held in 1822.
All the 82 steles are of the same model: the slab is flat with an arched pediment and tortoise-shaped base; the tortoise is rather big and looks strong; the steles are of different sizes.
The steles are also unique in terms of their construction: stone was carefully selected, designed, decorated, and engraved with texts.
This work must have required extraordinary patience and skill as it was done entirely by hand.
The 82 steles in Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam are unique ones in the world which have inscriptions. Their inscriptions record not only the names of the laureates of royal examinations held through nearly 300 years (1442 – 1779) but also information on history of the royal examinations; the successive dynasties’ conceptions of education, training and employing talent and their philosophy of state governance. Therefore the steles had a great social impact on education and training of talented citizens, encouraged contemporary people and people of the following generations in education.
The inscriptions also contain such details as the date of the stele’s erection and the names and official posts of the inscription compilers, revisers, calligraphers, and engravers.
It affirms that the steles are original, authentic and unique.
Each stele is a true work of art as they are the results of master mind and hands of the best scholars, engravers and calligraphers over times.
They are of great significance to the study of ancient documents in Chinese as the texts were written in Chinese characters, but read in Vietnamese way of pronunciation, so they can serve as references for those who study the former Vietnamese languages.
Furthermore, these steles furnish valuable information about Vietnamese emissaries that would contribute to the study of diplomatic relations between Viet Nam and other Northeast Asian countries.
Among the 1304 doctoral laureates whose names are recorded on the steles, 225 were once assigned diplomatic missions to China under Ming and Qing dynasties.
Using the steles as reliable documents, Vietnamese and foreign scholars can study the history, education and culture of Viet Nam in the past, and young generations can absorb the traditions and values left by their ancestors.
Moreover, each stele is itself a vivid work of art with various designs: flowers, leaves, clouds, the moon; or the dragon, holy lion, tortoise and phoenix.
Steles of each historic period are distinct from those of other periods. Distinctive features such as designs, decorative patterns, tortoise-shaped bases, and the type of Chinese characters used for their inscriptions preserve the steles’ originality and prevent attempts to produce replicas.
Many art researchers consider the steles as important documents to study Vietnamese history of art and sculpture from the 15th to the 18th centuries.
At present, the 82 steles in Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam are still unique ones preserved constantly on the spot since they were erected.
The inscriptions on all the steles are, in general, readable.
The irreplaceability and rarity lie in the content of the steles, the mode and condition of their establishment, their historical and artistic value, and their social impact. They are lively evidence of the intellect, aptitude and dexterity of the Vietnamese people.
On March 9, 2010 in Macau, China, the Asia-Pacific Regional Committee of Memory of the World recognized 82 steles which record the royal examinations of Le and Mac dynasties in Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam as world documentary heritage in the Memory of the World Program of UNESCO.
IMPERIAL RECORDS OF NGUYEN DYNASTY (WORLD DOCUMENTARY HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Imperial records are documents approved in red ink by kings.
Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are administrative records created during the transaction of state management activities of Nguyen Dynasty (1802 – 1945), the last feudal dynasty in Viet Nam, including records of grass-root and central administrative organizations submitted to the kings for approval, records created by the kings, diplomatic notes and literature works composed by royal family.
The whole collection of Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records has 773 volumes, which is equivalent to about 85,000 documents of 11 Nguyen Dynasty’s kings (Gia Long, Minh Mang, Thieu Tri, Tu Duc, Kien Phuc, Ham Nghi, Dong Khanh, Thanh Thai, Duy Tan, Khai Dinh and Bao Dai).
Imperial records of the Nguyen Dynasty are in various types of documents, including royal proclamation, edicts, decrees, petition, reports, replies, comment papers… which were created under strict regulations regarding their function and authority of issuance.
Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are basically handwriting on do (poonah) paper, reflects all aspects of social life, historical changes, domestic and foreign policies on politics, economy, diplomatic relation, military, culture, social affairs, religion and so on in Viet Nam in 19th century and early half of 20th century.
Outstanding values of Imperial records of Nguyen Dynasty
Authenticity
Events documented in Imperial records had high authenticity because they were information used in practical management of the society and were received and processed directly by the kings under Nguyen Dynasty.
Nguyen Dynasty defined strictly format of Imperial records. Together with evidence remaining on records such as the kings’ handwriting, seals…, it made imperial records very difficult to fake. Imperial records were used as a historical source to compile books.
Therefore, its authenticity can be double checked by comparing its information with books officially compiled in Nguyen dynasty, such as Dai Nam thuc luc chinh bien (Royal Annals of Dai Nam), Dai Nam nhat thong chi (Dai Nam Comprehensive Encyclopedia), Dai Nam liet truyen (Dai Nam Biographies), Kham dinh Dai Nam hoi dien su le (Royal rules and regulations), Quoc trieu chinh bien toat yeu (Brief History of Nguyen Dynasty)…
World significance
Imperial records have comments written directly by the Nguyen Dynasty’s kings in red ink and in 4 types of scripts, including Chinese, Nom (Chinese-chino transcribed Vietnamese), French and Vietnamese.
Imperial records were handwritten with a brush and drafted by clerks who were examined and recruited for their literature talents and beautiful handwriting.
The system of scripts used in Imperial records reflects changes in language used in Viet Nam from early 19th century to mid 20th century as well as changes in social thought and the impact of cultural waves from colonizers entering to colonized countries.
Imperial records also reflect trade activities of Viet Nam with countries in the region and the world such as Indonesia, Singapore, Philippines, Thailand, China, France, England, Spain...
Rarity
Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are the only archival holding of a feudal regime remained in Viet Nam and among very few documents in the world that have autographs of the kings, who commented in details on all national issues in the documents.
They are the valuable original materials that facilitate the researching and restoring the whole political, economic, cultural and social system and people of a nation in a course of history.
Going through a long time, seals on the documents, autographs by the kings, the format of the document, the language, scripts, paper material, ink... have become precious antiques, provided lot of useful information about different areas including administration studies, document studies, family annals studies and seal studies…
Integrity
With 773 volumes of about 85,000 documents, Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are a rather complete and comprehensive collection of a feudal regime in Viet Nam that remains.
Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are also important documents to contribute to affirming Viet Nam’s sovereignty over 2 archipelagos of Hoang Sa (Paracel) and Truong Sa (Spratly).
Among 85,000 documents, 19 ones record detailed information on Nguyen Dynasty assigned Hoang Sa Naval Force to Hoang Sa and Truong Sa archipelagos to measure sea routes, exploit sea products, plant the sovereignty landmarks... and also Nguyen Dynasty’s approval for rewarding and punishing in protection of these two archipelagos.
In particular, the Imperial records showed Viet Nam is a responsible sea country for rescuing boats of other countries in danger in sea area of Hoang Sa and Truong Sa archipelagos.
With unique and outstanding values, on 14 May 2014, in the 2nd session of the 6th general meeting of Memory of the World Committee for Asia/Pacific (MOWCAP) at Guangzhou (China), Imperial records of Nguyen Dynasty were recognized as documentary heritage in the Memory of the World Programme in the Asia/Pacific region.
Currently, the massive document treasure is being preserved in National Archives Centre I (18 Vu Pham Ham, Yen Hoa Ward, Cau Giay District, Ha Noi).
DONG VAN KARST PLATEAU (GLOBAL GEOLOGICAL PARK)
(TITC) - Located on an altitude of 1,000m-1,600m, belonging to 4 districts of Quan Ba, Yen Minh, Meo Vac, Dong Van (Ha Giang Province), the 2,356km² - Dong Van Karst Plateau is one of Viet Nam's special limestone areas, housing prominent imprints that depict the development of the earth’s crust.
Up to 80% of the karst formations of Dong Van Plateau are limestone formed by environment conditions and different development stages of nature.
Geological value
A survey conducted by scientists from the Viet Nam Institute of Geosciences and Natural Resources revealed the finding of 13 fossil - geological formations in Dong Van, including Chang Pung, Lut Xia, Si Ka, Bac Bun, Mia Le, Si Phai, Toc Tat, Lung Nam, Bac Son, Dong Dang, Song Hien, Hong Ngai, and Lan Pang. Of which, Chang Pung is the oldest one with date of 540 millions years.
In addition, 19 paleontology groups were also discovered in Dong Van, including Brachiopoda (Tay cuon), Tabulata (San ho vach day), Tetracoralla (San ho bon tia), Stromatoporoidea (Lo tang), Trilobita (Bo ba thuy), Polybranchiaspis liaojiaoshanensis (Ca co), Foraminifera (Trung lo), Tentaculies (Vo non), Conodonta (Rang non), Pelecypoda (Chan riu), Gastropoda (Chan bung), Cephalopoda (Chan dau), Bryozoans (Dong vat dang reu), Crinoidea (Hue bien), Sclerotesta (Vo cung), Ancient Crustacean (Giap xac co), Hydrilla verticillata (Thuc vat thuy sinh), Spirulina (Tao), and Chitinozoa.
The paleontology groups have helped scientists draw a complete picture of development history in terms of geology of Dong Van Karst Plateau in particular and northeast Viet Nam and south China in general.
Climate
The climate is divided in two distinct seasons, rainy season (from May to October) and dry season (from November to April).
The annual average temperature varies between 24 and 28oC. In winter, the temperature is sometimes down to -5oC.
The best time to visit Dong Van is the spring. Tourists are hit by wonderful landscapes composed by yellow cai (kale) flowers and pink peach flowers in full blossom, mossy tiled roofs of stilt houses, dark green rocks and blue skies.
How to get the karst plateau
From Ha Giang City, visitors travel on National Highway 4C for 43km to Quan Ba. Continuing on this highway through Can Ty Pass, pine forests, steep drops, deep ravines, and razor sharp turns, visitors will reach to Dong Van karst plateau.
Ecological value
Thanks to weather changes and Dong Van's geo-diversity, the karst evolution has created “rock gardens” and “rock forests” of diverse forms in the area, such as Khau Vai rock garden (Meo Vac) where tourist can contemplate the peaks of rocks in the shape of different kinds of flowers, Lung Pu rock garden (Meo Vac) with animal-shaped rocks such as tiger and dragon, Van Chai rock garden (Dong Van) with round flagstones arranged like thousands of black sea lions leaning one another getting some rest on the beach.
However, found commonly here are ranges of mountains running one after another to form pyramids heading up to skies.
A system of caves and grottos found in the Dong Van Plateau provides a proof of the evolution of karst with Rong Cave in Sang Tung (Dong Van), Kho My Cave in Tung Vai (Quan Ba), En Grotto in Van Chai (Dong Van)...
Cultural value
Dong Van Karst Plateau also contains unique cultural values ​​of 17 ethnic minority groups such as Mong, Dao, Lo Lo, Tay, Nung… Since long time, the ethnic groups in Dong Van has had rich cultural and spiritual life.
In addition, highland markets as Pho Bang, Dong Van, Lung Cu, Sa Phin… together with traditional festivals, cuisine… also contribute making the picture of Dong Van Karst Plateau more attractive and lively.
Archaeological value
Archaeological excavations in Dong Van proved this is one of the places where keep traces of prehistoric culture.
Archaeologists discovered 2 remains of the Paleolithic Age in Can Ty (Quan Ba) and Pho Bang (Dong Van) and 2 onesof the Neolithic Age in Bach Dich and Yen Minh Town (Yen Minh District).
In addition, a pair of antique bronze drums of Lo Lo ethnic people in Dong Van is typical relic of Dong Son culture more than 2,000 years ago.
On October 3, 2010, in Lesvos (Greece), Dong Van Karst Plateau was recognized as official member of Global Geo-parks Network (GGN) for its prominent values on landscape, palaeobiology, geology, geomorphology and local culture.
Dong Van Karst Plateau has become the first geo-park of Viet Nam and the second one in Southeast Asia (after Langkawi Geo-park in Malaysia).
SOME OUTSTANDING DESTINATIONS:
- Lung Cu Flag Tower
- Ma Pi Leng Pass
- Khau Vai Rock Garden
- Kho My Cave
- Vuong Family Palace
- Lung Cam Tren Culture – Tourism Village
- Khau Vai Love Market
- Quan Ba Twin Mountain
- Dong Van Ancient Quarter
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
Specialties: On the market-day on Sunday (Dong Van, Meo Vac fairs...) visitors can enjoy dishes such as men men(steamed ground corn), color steamed glutinous rice, corn bread, chicken, dried beef, Meo colza, bamboo shoots,thang co (a special local soup), smoked bacon and sausages, corn liquor...
Souvenirs:
Visitors can buy traditional products such as brocade, linen, jewelry,... in the cultural villages, traditional craft villages, attractions, fairs ... on the karst plateau.
Things to note when visiting the karst plateau:
- Dress in a pleasingly tidy manner, smooth lightweight shoes with low sole (or sneakers) and soft stockings, warm clothing as the weather getting colder at night.
- Baggage should be neat, not bulky to move easily.
- Should be equipped phones with Google map system, using Vina, Viettel, Mobi network.
- Prepare personal medicine bag for common diseases by cold weather.
- Bring cash because there are very few ATMs in the town center.
- Fill up before starting the trips as the gas stations just are gathered in the towns.
- If you are planning on staying overnight in the forests, you have to prepare picnic tents, multifunctional cooker...
- Ensure safety for children and seniors when car stops along the way
- Comply with environmental regulations.
- Do not trespass caves and surroundings such as breaking off stalactites...
The Karst Plateau Guide
For tourist guide services, management and tourism related information on the karst plateau, please contact to Management Board of Dong Van Karst Plateau Global Geopark.
Management Board of Dong Van Karst Plateau Global Geopark
Group 16 - Tran Phu Ward - Ha Giang City - Ha Giang Province
Tel/Fax: (84-219) 3860 393
Email: hagianggeopark@gmail.com
Website: http://dongvangeopark.com
Area: 678.6 sq.km
Population: 52.5 thousand habitants(2007)
Administrative division:
- Townlet:Sa Pa
- Communes:Ban Khoang, Ta Giang Phinh, Trung Chai, Ta Phin, Sa Pa, San Sa Ho, Ban Phung, Lao Chai, Hau Thao, Thanh Kim, Ta Van, Su Pan, Suoi Thau, Ban Ho, Thanh Phu, Nam Sai, Nam Cang.
Located 38km from Lao Cai City, Sa Pa is a mountainous district of Lao Cai Province.
Sa Pa District is very well-known with Sa Pa Townlet, a beautiful and romantic resort.
At the height of 1,600m above sea level, the average temperature of the area is 15-18oC.
It is cool in summer and cold in winter.
Administrative division:
Ha Long's population are most having emigrated from other places to settle here. Ha Long Bay is famous internationally, and is recognized as a World Heritage by UNESCO for its thousands of natural islands.
Also in the city, there are temples, pagodas and historical relics.
Ha Noi city
Area: 3,323.6 sq.km.
Population:
Administrative divisions:
-12 urban districts: Hoan Kiem, Ba Dinh, Dong Da, Hai Ba Trung, Tay Ho, Thanh Xuan, Cau Giay, Long Bien, Hoang Mai, Ha Dong, Nam Tu Liem, Bac Tu Liem.- 1 town: Son Tay.
- 17 rural districts: Dong Anh, Soc Son, Thanh Tri, Gia Lam (Ha Noi); Ba Vi, Chuong My, Dan Phuong, Hoai Duc, My Duc, Phu Xuyen, Phuc Tho, Quoc Oai, Thach That, Thanh Oai. Thuong Tin, Ung Hoa (former Ha Tay province) and Me Linh (a former district of Vinh Phuc province).
Ethnic groups: Viet (Kinh), Hoa, Muong, Tay, Dao...
Ha Noi is the capital of the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam, the center of culture, politics, economy and trade of the whole country.
Geography: Ha Noi is located in the Red River Delta, in the center of North Viet Nam. It is encompassed by Thai Nguyen and Vinh Phuc provines to the north, Ha Nam and Hoa Binh provinces to the south, Bac Giang, Bac Ninh and Hung Yen provinces to the east, Hoa Binh and Phu Tho provinces to the west.
Ha Noi means "the hinterland between the rivers" (Ha: river, Noi: interior).
Climate: Ha Noi is situated in a tropical monsoon zone with two main seasons. During the dry season, which lasts from October to April, it is cold and there is very little rainfall, except from January to March, when the weather is still cold but there is some light rain. The wet season, from May to September, is hot with heavy rains and storms.
Transportation
Hue city
Area: 70.99 sq.km
Population: 339.8 thousand habitants (2009)
Administrative Division:
- Wards:Phu Nhuan, An Cuu, Truong An, Phuoc Vinh, Vinh Ninh, Phu Hoi, Xuan Phu, Vy Da, Tay Loc, Thuan Loc, Thuan Thanh, Thuan Hoa, Kim Long, Phu Hoa, Phu Cat, Phu Hiep, Phu Hau, Phu Binh, Phu Thuan and Phuong Duc, Huong So, An Hoa, An Dong, An Tay, Huong Long, Thuy Xuan, Thuy Bieu.Ethnic groups: Viet (Kinh)
Da Nang city
Area: 1,285.4 sq.km.
Population:
Administrative divisions:
- Districts: Hai Chau, Thanh Khe, Son Tra, Ngu Hanh Son, Lien Chieu, Cam Le.
- Rural districts: Hoa Vang, Hoang Sa.
Ethnic groups: Viet (Kinh), Hoa, Co Tu, Tay...
Geography
Da Nang City is located in middle of Central Viet Nam, between Ha Noi and Ho Chi Minh City, separated from Laos by the western Truong Son Mountains. It is surrounded by Thua Thien-Hue along the northern border and Quang Nam on the southern border.
Topography is rather complex. The south is impressive Hai Van Pass with Mang Mountain 1,708m, Ba Na Mountain 1,487m.
The east is Son Tra Peninsula, an ideal site of yellow sand beaches, historical remains, and rare bird and animal species.
The south is Ngu Hanh Son (Marble Mountains).
The seashore is Hoang Sa archipelago with a large fishery.
Transportation
Nha Trang city
Area: 251 sq.km
Population: 362 thousand people (2008)
Nha Trang Bay is recognised as one of 29 most beautiful bays in the world.
INBOUND TOURISMVISA
Pilot grant of e-visas
(TITC) - The pilot grant of e-visa has been applied within 2 years since 1 February 2017 for foreigners from 40 countries in Asia, Europe and Americas.
The border gates allowing foreigners to enter and exit by e-visas include 28 ones, consisting of 8 air ones, 13 land ones, and 7 sea ones.
E-visas granted through electronic transaction system are single-entry visas with validity of 30 days.
Fee for e-visa is USD 25.
List of 40 countries whose citizens are granted e- visas entering Viet Nam:
Asia: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Brunei, China (not apply to Chinese e-passport holders), Japan, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, Mongolia, Philippines, Republic of Korea, and Timor Leste.
Europe: Belarus, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Romani, Russia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, and United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Americas: Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Cuba, Panama, Peru, Uruguay, United States of America, and Venezuela.
List of international border gates allowing foreigners to enter and exit by e-visas:
Air border gates: International airports of Noi Bai, Tan Son Nhat, Cam Ranh, Da Nang, Cat Bi, Can Tho, Phu Quoc and Phu Bai.
Land border gates: International land border gates of Mong Cai, Huu Nghi, Lao Cai, Nam Can, Cau Treo, Cha Lo, Lao Bao, Bo Y, Moc Bai, Tinh Bien, Song Tien, Xa Mat and Ha Tien.
Sea border gates: ports of Hon Gai, Hai Phong, Nha Trang, Da Nang, Quy Nhon, Vung Tau and Ho Chi Minh City.
Procedures for applying e-visas:
1. Accessing the website https://www.xuatnhapcanh.gov.vn or https://www.immigration.gov.vn to fill in the declaration form.
2. Receiving a code for his/her dossier and paying visa fee at the website.
3. Within 3 working days since the full receipt of information and fee, the Immigration Department (Ministry of Public Security) replies the e-visa applicants at the website.
4. The e-visa applicants use granted code to check the result and print out their e-visa.
Procedure for foreign vehicles to Viet Nam
- The people driving left side steering wheel used cars under 9 seats, left side steering wheel used home-cars and motorbikes to Viet Nam for tourism purpose must contact with international tour operators of Viet Nam to complete approval procedure.
The necessary documents include: passport (or alternative documents) with the validity of at least 6 months since the date of entrance, visa, valid vehicle registration certificate, suitable driving license.
Specifically, valid certifications about engineering and environmental protection are required for cars.
- Within 3 working days since the full receipt of valid documents from international tour operators of Viet Nam, Vietnamese Ministry of Transport would issue document on approving or disapproving (specifying reasons) for foreign vehicles to Viet Nam.
Regulations for foreign vehicles when taking part in traffic in Viet Nam
- Following guide-vehicles with logo or symbol flag of international tour operators of Viet Nam.
- Taking part in traffic in the allowed routes and time according to the regulations in the approval document on foreign vehicles to Viet Nam of Vietnamese Ministry of Transports.
- Obeying law of road traffic of Viet Nam and taking the requested documents to complete procedure to Viet Nam, valid civil liability insurance certificate of vehicle’s owner in Viet Nam and temporary import certificate of the vehicle.
Visitors receive and fill out the visa application form from Vietnamese tour operators (partners welcoming cruise visitors to Viet Nam).
- When the ship docks, visitors ashore and present their passport so that Port Border Unit checks, compares and issues separate entry visa.
- Visitors manage their own passport and separate visa during sightseeing time in Viet Nam.
- When exiting Viet Nam, visitors present their separate visa for Port Border Unit to stamp “Invalid” on visa.
- For international cruise ships which have the itinerary through many Vietnamese ports, visitors carry out entrance procedure at the first port; exit procedure at the last port; and checklist reference when get on and off ships at the other ports.
- The visa fee for visitors entering Viet Nam by sea is USD5 per person.
Organizational Structure of VNAT
Update: Saturday, October 01, 2016
Chairman assisting Units
Tel: (84 - 4) 3.9423760
1. Travel Department (Ext: 162)
2. Hotel Department (Ext: 133)
3. Planning - Finance Department (Ext: 151)
4. International Cooperation Department (Ext: 123)
5. Personnel Organization Department (Ext: 141)
6. Tourism Marketing Department (Ext: 176)
7. Office (Ext: 103)
Subordinate Units:
1. Tourism Information Technology Center
Add: 02 Nui Truc Str.,Ba Dinh Dist.,Ha Noi
Tel: (84-4) 3943 7072 - Fax: (84-4) 3826 3956
2. Institute for Tourism Development Research
Add: 58 Kim Ma Str.,Ba Dinh Dist.,Ha Noi
Tel: (84-4) 3734 3131 Fax: (84-4) 3848 9377
3. Vietnam Tourism Review
Add: 9th Floor, TID Centre Building, 4 Lieu Giai Str.,Ba Dinh Dist.,Ha Noi
Tel: (84-4) 3825 7703 - Fax: (84-4) 3826 2071
4. Tourism Newspaper
Add: 2nd Floor, TID Centre Building, 4 Lieu Giai Str.,Ba Dinh Dist.,Ha Noi
Tel: (84-4) 3939 3942 - 3939 3943 - Fax: (84-4) 3939 3940
Religion and Belief
The major religious traditions in Viet Nam are Buddhism (which fuses forms of Taoism and Confusianism), Christianity (Catholicism and Protestantism), Islam, Caodaism and the Hoa Hao sect.
Buddhism
Buddhism was first introduced to Viet Nam in the 2nd century, and reached its peak in the Ly dynasty (11th century). It was then regarded as the official religion dominating court affairs.
Buddhism was preached broadly among the population and it enjoyed a profound influence on people's daily life. Its influence also left marks in various areas of traditional literature and architecture.
As such, many pagodas and temples were built during this time.
At the end of the 14th century, Buddhism began to show signs of decline. The ideological influence of Buddhism, however, remained very strong in social and cultural life.
Presenty, over 70 percent of the population of Viet Nam are either Buddhist or strongly influenced by Buddhist practices.
Catholicism
Catholicism was introduced to Viet Nam in the 17th century. At present the most densely-populated Catholic areas are Bui Chu-Phat Diem in the northern province of Ninh Binh and Ho Nai-Bien Hoa in Dong Nai Province to the South.
About 10 percent of the population are considered Catholic.
Protestantism
Protestantism was introduced to Viet Nam at about the same time as Catholicism. Protestantism, however, remains an obscure religion.
At present most Protestants live in the Central Highlands.
There still remains a Protestant church on Hang Da Street in Ha Noi.
The number of Protestants living in Viet Nam is estimated at 400,000.
Islam
Islamic followers in Viet Nam are primarily from the Cham ethnic minority group living in the central part of the central coast. The number of Islamic followers in Viet Nam totals about 50,000.
Caodaism
Caodaism was first introduced to the country in 1926.
Settlements of the Cao Dai followers in South Viet Nam are located near the Church in Tay Ninh.
The number of followers of this sect is estimated at 2 million.
Hoa Hao Sect
The Hoa Hao Sect was first introduced to Viet Nam in 1939.
More than 1 million Vietnamese are followers of this sect. Most of them live in the south-west of Viet Nam.
Mother Worship (Tho Mau)
The mother worship cult might be originated from the cult of the Goddess in ancient ages.
In the Middle Ages, the Mother was worshipped in temples and palaces.
The custom of Mother worship originated from the north. In the south, the religion has integrated the local goddesses such as Thien Y A Na (Hue) and Linh Son (Tay Ninh).
In fact, the Mother worship cult was influenced by other religions, mainly Taoism.
Worship of Hung Kings
(TITC) - The worship of Hung Kings originates from Hung Kings dynasty and had strongly developed for a long time before officially honored in Post Le Dynasty (1428 – 1788).
The later dynasties and Vietnamese Government always pay attention and encourage people to maintain the worship of Hung Kings.
Every year, on the 10th day of the third lunar month, Hung Kings Ancestral Anniversary day is held at Hung Kings temples nationwide, of which biggest one takes place in Hung Kings Temple Relic Site (Phu Tho Province).
In Phu Tho, each village selects a Festival Organizing Board (Ban Khanh Tiet) of 6-9 mature, knowledgeable individuals of good conducts who lead and manage the rituals.
The Board appoints suitably expert temple guardians to tend worship sites, instruct devotees and offer incense to Hung Kings year round.
The offerings for the ceremonies (opening, procession, closing) are carefully prepared including sticky rice, fruit, wine, rice, salt, boiled chicken, raw pork (black pig), chung cake and day cake...
The worship ritual consists of incense burning, offerings presenting, testament reading, praying, performance of traditional art such as bronze drum beating, Xoan singing...
During the festival, folk games are also organized such as catching a goat while blindfolded, tug of war, flag scoop, boat racing, duck catching in pond...
With unique and distinct values, on 6 December 2012, in Paris (France), UNESCO officially recognized the worship of Hung Kings in Phu Tho Province as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
This is the first belief in Viet Nam recognized as world heritage.
Worship of Ancestor Custom
Tet of Vietnamese
Vietnamese have many festivals in year, of which Lunar New Year Festival (Tet Nguyen dan) is the biggest festival, besides numerous other unique festivals.
Lunar New Year Festival
Tet Nguyen dan is the biggest and most sacred festival. Tet falls on a time when the old year is over and the New Year comes by lunar calendar (from the eve of the last lunar month to the 3rd day of the first lunar month).
This is also the time when the cycle of the universe finishes: winter ends and spring, the season of birth of all living things, comes.
Tet is an occasion for pilgrims and family reunions. It is a time when Vietnamese pay respect to ancestors and grandparents, everyone sends each other best wishes for a new year, stops thinking about unhappy things and says good things about each other.
Tet Nguyen tieu (Tet Thuong nguyen)
Tet Nguyen tieu falls on the 15th day of the first lunar month.
Most Vietnamese people believe that the first full moon of the New Year is the most important among all full moons throughout the year.
On this day, people often go to pagodas to pray for the best things coming to every family members and their beloved friends.
Tet Thanh minh (Serene sky)
Tet Han Thuc (Cold goods)
Tet Han Thuc takes place on the 3rd day of the third lunar month.
Tet Doan Ngo (Killing Insects Day)
Tet Doan Ngo falls on the 5th day of the fifth lunar month.
On the day of “killing insects”, every one has to get up early, eat fermented sticky and fruits.
Tet Trung Nguyen
Tet Trung Nguyen takes place on the 15th day of the seventh lunar month in pagodas and Vietnamese families. This day is held to forgive the lost souls, to fulfill filial duty, and to remember the dead. Shoes and dresses made of paper, along with votive paper, are burnt in every household.
Tet Trung thu (Mid-Autumn Festival)
Tet Trung thu on the 15th day of the eighth lunar month is a joyful occasion for children to enjoy several activities, such as singing, lion dancing, parading with lanterns shaped as moon and stars, and eating banh nuong, banh deo (moon cakes).
Tet Ha Nguyen (New Rice Festival)
Tet Ha Nguyen takes place on the 1st day or the 15th day of the tenth lunar month.
In Vietnamese rural areas, this festival is held with large scale, because this is a chance to cook new rice, first to worship ancestors and then reward effort of farmers.
Tet Tao Quan (Kitchen Gods Day)
Tet Tao Quan is on the 23rd day of the last lunar month, the day when Kitchen Gods (Tao Quan) visit to Heaven to deliver an annual report on the household’s activities to the God of Heaven.
After the Kitchen Gods go to Heaven, Vietnamese people normally tidy and decorate their houses to welcome New Year.
Villages - Guilds
The Vietnamese culture has always evolved on the basis of the wet rice civilization.
Thus, the lifestyle of the Vietnamese population is closely related to its village and native lands.
In Vietnamese society, people gather together to form villages in rural areas, and guilds in urban areas.
Villages and guilds have been forming since the dawn of the nation.
These organizations have gradually developed for the population to be more stable and closer together.
Each village and guild has its own regulations called conventions.
The purpose of these conventions is the promotion of good customs within populations. All the conventions are different but they are always in accordance with the state laws.
Approximately ten thousands such conventions are kept in the History Museum in Ha Noi and in other museums throughout the country.
Funeral Ceremony
“The sense of the dead is that of the final,” says a Vietnamese proverb, meaning that funeral ceremonies must be solemnly organized.
Formerly funeral ceremonies went as following: the body was washed and dressed; then a le ngam ham, or chopstick, was laid between the teeth and a pinch of rice and three coins were dropped in the mouth.
Then the body was put on a grass mat laid on the ground according to the saying “being born from the earth, one must return back to the earth.”
The dead body was enveloped with white cloth, le kham liem, and put into the coffin, le nhap quan.
Finally, the funeral ceremony, le thanh phuc, was officially performed.
The deceased person’s sons, daughters, and daughters-in-law had to wear coarse gauze turbans and tunics, and hats made of straw or of dry banana fiber.
The deceased person’s grandchildren and relatives also had to wear mourning turbans.
During the days when the dead were still laid out at home, the mourning went on with worshipping meals and mourning music. Relatives, neighbours, and friends came to offer their condolences.
The date and time for the funeral procession, le dua tang, must be carefully selected.
Relatives, friends, and descendants take part in the funeral procession to accompany the dead along the way to the burial ground. Votive papers were dropped along the way.
At the grave site, the coffin is buried and covered.
After three days of mourning, the family visits the tomb again, le mo cua ma or worship the opening the grave; after 49 days, le chung that, the family stops bringing rice for the dead to the altar.
And finally, after 100 days, the family celebrates tot khoc, or the end of the tears.
After one year is the ceremony of the first anniversary of the relative’s death and after two years is the ceremony of the end of mourning.
Nowadays, mourning ceremonies follow new rituals which are simplified; they consist of covering and putting the dead body into the coffin, the funeral procession, the burial of the coffin into the grave, and the visits to the tomb.
The deceased person’s family members wear a white turban or a black mourning band.
Customs of Chewing Betel and Areca Nuts and smoking thuoc lao
According to legends, chewing quid of betel and areca has been a custom since the Hung Vuong period and is connected to the antique legend of betel and areca.
A quid of betel, also called trau, is composed of four elements: an areca leaf (sweet taste), betel bark (hot taste), a chay root (bitter taste), and hydrated lime (pungent taste).
The custom of chewing betel nut is unique to Viet Nam.
Old health books claim that "chewing betel and areca nut makes the mouth fragrant, decreases bad tempers, and makes digesting food easy".
A quid of betel makes people become closer and more openhearted.
At any wedding ceremony, there must be a dish of betel and areca nut, which people can share as they enjoy the special occasion. During festivals or Tet Holidays, betel and areca nut is used for inviting visitors and making acquaintances. Sharing a quid of betel with an old friend is like expressing gratitude for the relationship.
A quid of betel and areca nut makes people feel warm on cold winters days, and during funerals it relieves sadness. Betel and areca nuts are also used in offerings.
When Vietnamese people worship their ancestors, betel and areca nut must be present at the altar.
For women, betel can initiate various feminine conversation, but for men, thuoc lao is related to their joyfulness as well as the sadness in their lives.
Peasants always carry their dieu cay (pipe for smoking while ploughing the rice fields).
Wedding Ceremony
Language and Scripts
Among the 54 Vietnamese ethnic groups some have had their own scripts for a long time and some have not preserved their ancient scripts.
Throughout the years, these languages have been enriched in terms of vocabulary, precision, and expression.
However, the Viet language is most commonly used.
In terms of script, for a long time under northern domination, han (Chinese) was widely used in trade, education and state documents.
This lasted until the beginning of 20th century.
During the ten century, parallel to the use of han, the Vietnamese created the nom script, which used the pictography of han to note the sounds of the Viet language.
The appearance of the nom script marked a point of maturity in the national conscious of the Viet, and led to the development of literature in Viet Nam.
In the 16th century, quoc ngu (a Romanized script produced by French missionaries) appeared and was substituted for both the han and nom scripts.
Folk Literature
Since coming into existence, Vietnamese literature has been rich in folklore and proverbs; tales that have been handed down from generation to generation, gradually becoming valuable treasures.
The Muong ethnic group in northern Trung Bo has an epic poem called “de dat, de nuoc” (giving birth to the earth and water), whie the Thai ethnic group in the north-west has “xong chu xon xao” (seeing off and instructing the loving heart). This list could go on for quite some time.
Overview of traditional festivals
Festive activities are living museums in which typical cultural values of the nation have been preserved for centuries.
Formation and meaning of traditional festivals
Traditional festivals constitute a form of cultural activities, a spiritual product which the people have created and developed during the course of history.
From generation to generation, the Vietnamese people preserve the fine tradition of “remembering the source while drinking water.”
Festivals are events which represent this tradition of the community as well as honour the holy figures named as “gods” – the real persons in national history or legendary persons.
The images of gods converge the noble characteristics of mankind.
They are national heroes who fought against foreign invaders, reclaimed new lands, treated people, fought against natural calamities, or those legendary characters who affect the earthly life.
Festivals are events when people pay tribute to divinities that rendered merits to the community and the nation.
Festivals are occasions when people come back to either their natural or national roots, which form a sacred part in their mind.
Festivals represent the strength of the commune or village, the local region or even the whole nation.
Worshipping the same god, the people unite in solidarity to overcome difficulties, striving for a happy and wealthy life.
Festivals display the demand for creativity and enjoyment of spiritual and material cultural values of all social strata.
Festivals become a form of education under which fine traditional moral values can be handed from one generation to the next in a unique way of combining spiritual characters with competition and entertainment games.
Festivals are also the time people can express their sadness and worries in a wish that gods might bestow favour on them to help them strive for a better life.
Process of festivals
Generally speaking, every festival will include the following three steps:
Preparation: The preparation work is divided into two phases: prior to the coming festive season and in the immediate time before the festive day.
The preparation work for the coming festive season starts right after the previous festival comes to an end.
When it is coming to the festive day, people need to check the worshipping objects, attires, decoration, and cleaning of the worshipping place and statues.
The festive day: Many activities take place, including rituals of procession, incense offering, and rejoicing games, among others.
They form the most important and significant part of any festival.
These activities also play a decisive role in attracting tourists and deciding the timing of the festival itself.
The ending of the festival: The organization board expresses their thanks to all festival goers and closes the worshipping place.
Time for festivals
In Viet Nam festivals often take place during the three months in spring and in autumn when people have a lot of leisure time.
In addition, the climate in spring and autumn is especially suitable for holding festivals and for festivals goers to enjoy.
Festival rituals
Festivals require many compulsory rituals, which are carried out in a strict order from the preparation to the ending of a festival.
In general, a festival has the following rituals:
Statue washing rite is performed at mid-night of the day before the festival.
This rite is preceded by a ceremony of water procession in some places.
A ceremony to inform gods must be held prior to this statue-washing rite.
Next is the rite of wearing hats and costumes for gods’ statues or putting them in their worshipping tablets if gods have no statue.
After that, the statues of gods (or worshipping tablets, even costumes) are put in the palanquin, ready for the procession on the opening of the festival.
Procession ritual: A festival often includes the procession of gods, tutelary gods, royal order and water, of which the first and fourth rite are most popular.
The content and meaning of the procession ritual vary from festival to festival with regard to the object of procession, its organization and participants.
The procession of gods and water processions are usually carried out prior to the opening and closing ceremonies of the festival accordingly.
Festivals, as mentioned above, are to honour holy figures, i.e.gods or divinities to whose temples and shrines are dedicated.
Very often a festival takes place in the courtyard of the village’s communal house which is spacious and convenient for the conduct of liturgical processes and rejoicing activities.
As such, the ritual of god procession is held along the route from their places of worship to the place of liturgy. At the end of the festival, another procession will bring gods’ statues back to their temples.
After the procession ritual are the ritual of presenting offerings to gods and the opening of the festival.
In many festivals, a procession of the oration dedicated to gods is held every day.
Each day a different oration is used.
In traditional festivals it is required that participants in the procession ritual must be men above 18 years old who are selected carefully on the basis of their physical strength and good ethics. Women can join the procession group in such festivals as Phu Day or Ha Loi which dedicate to goddesses.
Anyone who is chosen to become a member of the procession group must consider it his/her own honour and his/her family.
On its way, each procession bears its own symbol.
People beat drums and gongs (formerly firecrackers were used) to signal the departure of the procession.
On the closing day of the festival, a final ritual is held with all processes required.
Rice cooking competitions (thi thoi com)
During Tet, a number of villages in northern and central Viet Nam hold cooking contests that may sound simple, but follow strict and complex rules: Cooking in the wind and rain.
Contests for boys and girls villagers in Chuong Village of Ha Noi organise similar competitions separately for boys and girls.
Female participants must cook rice on the ground while simultaneously carrying a six-to seven-month-old baby from another family on her hip. She must console the infant when he or she cries. At the same time, she must prevent a toad from jumping out of a chalk circle drawn around her.
The contest for boys is no less rigorous.
Each boy must stand ready with all the necessary items (rice, water, matches and firewood) on a light boat moored the pond bank. At a given signal he paddles with his hands to the opposite bank, where a row of pots is placed on tripods.
He must stay in his unmoored boat while cooking the rice on the bank. The least loss of balance tosses him over into the water.
Modern Literature
A revolutionary campaign occurred at the beginning of Romanized Vietnamese literature, in an attempt to standardize its styles such as prose, poetry, and criticism.
All the writings produced had one thing in common: the authors were using a powerful and flexible style to update events and trends and therefore predict social events.
For more than a half century the Vietnamese people fought two wars of resistance, and at the present time, are in a period of construction, industrialization and modernization.
In this situation, in Vietnamese literature, movement and vital force currently exist.
Spinning Tops
Bamboo Jacks
This girls' game (chơi chuyen) includes ten thin, well-sharpened, round bamboo sticks and a ball, which traditionally is a fig, a miniature variety of eggplant, a small rock or a clod of clay.
The player tosses the ball into the air. While the ball is in the air, she must quickly pick up the sticks and then catch the ball.
Kites that make music
Kite flying is popular throughout the year in Viet Nam.
The game of squares
They draw a rectangle on the ground and divide it into ten small squares called "rice fields" or "fish ponds.
"They also draw two additional semi-circular boxes at the two ends of the rectangle, which are called"mandarin's boxes," hence the game's name. Each person has 25 small pebbles and a bigger stone. Each player places the stone in one of the mandarin's boxes and five small pebbles in each of the other squares (see diagram above).
The first player takes up the contents of one square on his or her side of the board (but not a mandarin's box) and distributes the pebbles one by one, starting with the next square in either direction. (Since each square contains five pebbles at the beginning, the first move will distribute five pebbles to the left or right). After the last pebble is distributed, the player takes the contents of the following square and repeats the distribution process.
But if the following square is one of the mandarin's boxes, the turn ends and passes to the other player.If the last pebble falls into a square that precedes one empty square, the player wins all the contents of the square following the empty square and removes these pebbles from the board.
If this square is followed by another empty square, the player wins the contents of the square after that, and so on.
Cat and Mouse Game
Each game requires between seven and ten people.
They stand in a circle, hold hands and raise their hands above their heads.
Then they start singing the song.
Please come over here
Hand in hand
Stand in a large circle
The mouse will run through the hole
The cat will run after it
The Game of the Dragon-Snake
A large group plays the children's game rong ran (dragon-snake). In One person sits on a small hill or some location above the other players; he or she acts as the doctor. The other children stand in a line, holding each other's belts to form the body of the dragon-snake.
The following dialogue occurs between the doctor and the head of the line:
Where are you going, dragon-snake?
- I’m searching for medicine for my son.
- How old is he, your son?
- He is one year old.
- The doctor is not well.
- He is (two, three, four, five... repeated each time) years old. - The doctor is not well. The dialogue continues until the dragon-snake says:
- He is ten years old.
- All right, the doctor is well.
With this, the doctor stands up and says:
- Give me your head
- Nothing but the bones
- Give me the body.
- Nothing but the blood.
- Give me the tail.
- Pursue at will!
At this, the doctor flies into a rage and attempts lo catch the child who represents the tail of the dragon-snake.
Throwing a sacred ball through the ring
Battle of the Chickens
Cock fighting, a long-standing form of popular entertainment, is organised during traditional festivals throughout Viet Nam.
Nu Na Nu Nong
Several girls sit side by side with their legs stretched out.
The head of the game recites a song; at each word, she uses her hand to touch another girl’s leg or foot.
Nu na nu nong
Beat the drums and raises the flags
Open the festival to compete
The ones whose feet are clean
Their heels are pink
And have no dirt
Are allowed to beat the drums.
Blind Man's Buff
Children between ages six and 15 enjoy playing bit mat bat de (“catching a goat while blindfolded”).
One participant volunteers to play the “goat” and another, the “goat catcher”. Other players form a circle around the players.
Chanting While Sawing Wood
Two children sit opposite each other, holding each other’s hands tightly.
While reciting a song, they push and pull each other’s arms and pretend as if they are sawing a piece of wood between them.
They say each word as they push or pull.
The song goes as follows:
Keo cua lua xe
The worker who is strong
Returns to eat the king’s rice
The worker who cannot catch up
Returns to suck his mother’s milk
Or, an alternate version:
Keo cua lua xe
Work a little, eat a lot
Sleep wherever we lie down
They steal the saw
How will we saw?
Vietnamese Rugby
The Pull of Natural Forces
Bamboo Swings
Boat racing
From time immemorial, boat racing has appeared in Viet Nam.
It is not only a competition but also a ritual in honour of the Water God, stemming from the act of praying for water among agricluture-based people.
In some places there are only two boats in competition (in Ðào Xá, Phú Tho), a male boat with the figure of a bird at its head and a female one decorating with a figure of a fish.
These two figures symbolize the yin-yang harmony (bird: in the sky – yang, fish: in the water – yin). The movements of the ores waken up the Water God. This kind of boat racing only takes place at night and ends at the crack of dawn.
For fishermen boat racing conveys their wishes for bumper fish catches.
In other places, boat racing is held to honour general who were good at navy operation.
At present boat racing constitutes an important part in the program of many festivals from the North to the South, especially the localities with rivers and lakes or near the sea.
It has gone beyond a belief activity to become a fascinating sport event, which attracts a large number of participants.
As such, boat racing has become an event to compete and display collective strength.
Word arrangement
This game develops in Hoa Lu, Tam Ðiêp (Ninh Bình).
A word-arrangement team includes 32 boys under 15 years old. They wear blue trousers, leggings, and white shirts with red hem.
They are often divided into two lines with two leaders (tong co tien and tong co hau) standing at either end of each line.
These leaders usually put on white trousers with three-knotted cloth belt, gauze tunics, turbans, holding square flags.
In the game, tong co tien and tong co hau guide their lines to arrange different words in accordance with rounds of drum by tieu canh.
The two leaders direct their line to run spirally with complicated acts to arrange such words as Thai Binh (Great Peace), Thien Phuc (Heaven Luck), or Quoc thai dan an (Peaceful country, prosperous people).
Human Chess
Releasing pigeons
Da Nang, Vietnam
Da Nang is laid-back and friendly, maybe because everyone you meet has just finished an amazing meal.
Culinary tours are a hugely popular way to experience literal local flavor.
After you’ve stuffed yourself with bold noodle soups and savory street foods, walk it off by exploring the limestone caves and Buddhist grottos of the Marble Mountains.
Ha Noi, Vietnam
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside.
Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon", but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest.
Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Hoi An, Vietnam
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries.
Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists.
On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional coloured lanterns.
Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple.
Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Vietnam's bustling largest city sets the cultural and economic pace for the country.
The former Saigon boasts charming French colonial architecture and wide boulevards, usually thronged and choked with traffic.
Taxis are an option for seeing the sprawling city.
The War Remnants Museum shows the Vietnam War through Vietnamese eyes.
Don't miss the impressive Jade Emperor Pagoda.
Go to the frenetic Ben Thanh Market for food, flowers or frogs.
Take a tour through the Mekong Delta, past rice paddies and houseboats.
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two.
There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated.
Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City.
Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches.
But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants.
Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Da Nang is laid-back and friendly, maybe because everyone you meet has just finished an amazing meal.
Culinary tours are a hugely popular way to experience literal local flavor.
After you’ve stuffed yourself with bold noodle soups and savory street foods, walk it off by exploring the limestone caves and Buddhist grottos of the Marble Mountains.
This former colonial resort provides a respite from Southern Vietnam's year-round swelter.
The town is full of beautiful French-era buildings and surrounded by pine trees and farms growing exotic vegetables and flowers.
It's worth the trip just to escape the heat for a few days.
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves.
Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking.
Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
The northwest market town of Sapa is colourful and charming, providing the perfect oasis in the midst of a strenuous mountain trek or rice-paddy tour.
The Gothic stone church at the centre of town is a bull’s-eye in the centre of shops and stalls, serving as a reminder of the town’s French missionary influence.
Dine on Vietnamese or European-inspired cuisine downtown, and don’t miss the Saturday night "love market," one of the most potent—and strictest—single’s nights imaginable.
Want to save up to 30% on your Vung Tau hotel?
We check up to 200 sites for thelatest and lowest prices.
Can Tho is the main city of the Mekong Delta, the "nine dragon river delta" where the Mekong River empties into the South China Sea.
It's also the main transportation center for the region.
The extensive canals make for a pleasant boat ride, and the nearby floating markets offer authentic goods and exotic local fruit.
*Fly into Ho Chi Minh City International Airport where you can take a car or van (approximately 4 hours) to Can Tho.
Soak up the sun and some Vietnamese culture on Phu Quoc Island, where white sands and tropical waters entice beachgoers from all over the globe.
Snorkeling, scuba diving and fishing are the most popular water sports here, though jet-skiing, wind sailing and squid fishing—yes, squid fishing—are also at your holiday-making fingertips.
Check out the early-morning Duong Dong Market for an authentic local experience.
Want to save up to 30% on your Duong Dong hotel?
We check up to 200 sites for thelatest and lowest prices.
Ancient civilization gets a tropical beach twist in Mui Ne, a resort town in southeast Vietnam.
Formidable Cham towers seem to keep watch over the visitors who come here for the epic kitesurfing or to frolic along the sand dunes.
Candy-colored fishing vessels bob gently in the waters of Mui Ne Harbor, where you can buy steamed seafood that’s literally fresh off the boat.
Want to save up to 30% on your Cat Ba hotel?
We check up to 200 sites for the latest and lowest prices.
Hotels in Vietnam
Ho Chi Minh City Hotels
Hanoi Hotels
Da Nang Hotels
Da Lat Hotels
Nha Trang Hotels
Hoi An Hotels
Phu Quoc Island Hotels
Vung Tau Hotels
Hue Hotels
Phan Thiet Hotels
Sapa Hotels
Duong Dong Hotels
Can Tho Hotels
Halong Bay Hotels
Cat Ba Hotels
Ninh Binh Hotels
Hai Phong Hotels
Dong Hoi Hotels
Rach Gia Hotels
Quy Nhon Hotels
Vietnam Bed and Breakfasts
Hotels in Vietnam
Ho Chi Minh City Bed and Breakfasts
Hanoi Bed and Breakfasts
Da Nang Bed and Breakfasts
Da Lat Bed and Breakfasts
Nha Trang Bed and Breakfasts
Hoi An Bed and Breakfasts
Phu Quoc Island Bed and Breakfasts
Vung Tau Bed and Breakfasts
Hue Bed and Breakfasts
Phan Thiet Bed and Breakfasts
Sapa Bed and Breakfasts
Duong Dong Bed and Breakfasts
Can Tho Bed and Breakfasts
Halong Bay Bed and Breakfasts
Cat Ba Bed and Breakfasts
Ninh Binh Bed and Breakfasts
Hai Phong Bed and Breakfasts
Dong Hoi Bed and Breakfasts
Rach Gia Bed and Breakfasts
Quy Nhon Bed and Breakfasts
Why TripAdvisor Flights?
PriceFinder
Your ultimate flight shopping tool, searching up to 200 sites to find today's low prices.
Airline Reviews
Read what travellers have to say while you're shopping for your next flight.
Read Reviews
TripAdvisor FlyScore
Use our FlyScore to compare flights, then book the one that is right for you.
Traveling » Domestic travel
Domestic travel
Domestic travel is always a great choice.
With a coastline of 3,260 kilometers, great nature reserve, bustling cities, fascinating historic vestiges, unique culture and a long list of the most delicious dishes in the world, Vietnam has all those things.
With numerous tours and departure time commitment, Vietravel is the most prestige travel company in Vietnam today, always ready to serve tourists in anytime and anywhere, and ensuring professional and best quality of services in the trade.
Xem nội dung đầy đủ tại: https://en.travel.com.vn/du-lich-viet-nam.aspx
Nguồn: travel.com.vn
Traveling » International travel
International travel
Vietravel is the No.1 tour operator in Vietnam and in international tourism, specializing in organizing overseas tours with nearly 1,000 routes across five continents.
You will have the opportunity to explore new lands in Southeast Asia, Asia, Europe, Australia, America, and Africa.
With numerous tours and departure time commitment, Vietravel is the most prestige travel company in Vietnam today, always ready to serve tourists in anytime and anywhere, and ensuring professional and best quality of services in the trade.
Xem nội dung đầy đủ tại: https://en.travel.com.vn/du-lich-nuoc-ngoai.aspx
Nguồn: travel.com.vn
Traveling » Domestic travel » Tour North Vietnam » Traveling Lang Son » North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Yen Tu - Ha Long Bay - Sung Sot Cave - Titop Island - Bai Dinh - Trang An
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Yen Tu - Ha Long Bay - Sung Sot Cave - Titop Island - Bai Dinh - Trang An
Tour code: NDSGN100-007-020317VJ-U
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 02/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 2
6,590,000 VND
6,290,000 VND
BOOK NOW
The journey to Ha Long is an opportunity for tourists to admire the amazing nature with tottery cliffs at sea such as Ga Choi, Trong Mai islets, etc and caves such as Sung Sot, Trinh Nu, etc
Each visit to Ha Long will make you feel this place not unlike a giant natural museum with fanciful pristine caves and novel, attractive culture and history.
Arriving at Ha Long, you will feel so attracted that you forget the time and do not want to leave.
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - (NOI BAI) HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel counters, columns from 10 or 15 (depending on the airline) at the Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ha Long.
You visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, take the cable to visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
In the afternoon, you take a coach to go sightseeing to Bai Chay Bridge and take photos in front of Quang Ninh Museum, or visit the Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), enjoy the crocodile performances or play games: ferris wheels, electric vehicles and ghost house, etc.
Besides, you may visit Sun World Ha Long Park Ba Deo Mountain by Queen cable car from Bai Chay Beach, which reaches two world records (cabin with the world's largest capacity, 230 persons/cabin and the cable with the world's highest pole from land, T1 pole in 188.88m.), experience the solar wheel, visit the Japanese garden, wax exhibition area, children's recreation area, etc.
Overnight in Halong.
Day 2 : HA LONG - SUNG SOT CAVE - TITOP ISLAND - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Ha Long Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Then, continue to visit and discover the magnificence of Sung Sot Cave, which was voted in the top 10 most beautiful caves in the world, and is a double cave with thousands of magic stalactites discovered by the French in 1901.
Each compartment is a separate scene, which keeps audience stunned. One compartment is compared as a large theater with cave ceiling covered with stalactites; the other includes images associated with the legend of Saint Giong (Thanh Giong): the Horse, a long sword, etc.
The cruise will continue to take you to visit and conquer the Titop Island, from above you will discover the panorama view of majestic and lively Ha Long Bay.
Back to Hanoi, on the way, stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
Check in.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 3 : HANOI - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN (NINH BINH) (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
You will take a coach to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Back to Hanoi and free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Have breakfast and check out.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: (Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum will not open for visit on the weekly Mondays and Fridays and annual maintenance schedule).
You take a coach to visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, go to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Bai Dinh - Trang An - Ha Long Bay - Yen Tu
Tour code: NDSGN101-003-040317VN-U
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 4
6,790,000 VND
6,490,000 VND
BOOK NOW
The journey to Ha Long is an opportunity for tourists to admire the amazing nature with tottery cliffs at sea such as Ga Choi, Trong Mai islets, etc and caves such as Sung Sot, Trinh Nu, etc Each visit to Ha Long will make you feel this place not unlike a giant natural museum with fanciful pristine caves and novel, attractive culture and history.
Arriving at Ha Long, you will feel so attracted that you forget the time and do not want to leave.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - HANOI - NINH BINH - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN TOURISM SITE (Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel counters, columns from 04 or 10 (depending on the airline) at the Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
You will take a coach to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Back to Hanoi, check in and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 2 : HANOI - HA LONG - HEAVEN PALACE CAVE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast, check out and depart to Ha Long.
Upon arrival at the Ha Long Bay, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, you will take a cruise on Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the evening , you can visit the Tuan Chau Resort (price excluded).
Besides, you may visit Sun World Ha Long Park Ba Deo Mountain by Queen cable car from Bai Chay Beach, which reaches two world records (cabin with the world's largest capacity, 230 persons/cabin and the cable with the world's highest pole from land, T1 pole in 188.88m.), experience the solar wheel, visit the Japanese garden, wax exhibition area, children's recreation area, etc.
Overnight in Halong.
Day 3 : HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Take a coach to visit Bai Chay Bridge, then take photos at the Quang Ninh Museum.
After lunch, the coach will pick up and take you to visit the Ba Vang Pagoda - a temple on the mountain with the greatest sanctum in Vietnam.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
Upon arrival in Hanoi, check in and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Have breakfast and check out.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
In the afternoon, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Pelican Cruise - Bai Dinh - Trang An - Sung Sot Cave - Titop Island - Yen Tu
Tour code: NDSGN102-005-180317VN-P
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 18/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 2
8,790,000 VND
8,490,000 VND
BOOK NOW
In addition to visiting historical destinations in the journey to the North such as the Temple of Literature, Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum in Hanoi; Trang An Relic, sacred Bai Dinh Pagoda in Ninh Binh, tourists can experience high-class cruise 4 star service while exploring beautiful Ha Long Bay.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - (NOI BAI) HANOI - NINH BINH - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN HERITAGE ((Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel counters, columns from 04 or 10 (depending on the airline) at the Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
You will take a coach to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Back to Hanoi, check in and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 2 : HANOI - HA LONG - EXPERIENCE AT THE HIGH-CLASS CRUISE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast, check out and depart to Ha Long.
Upon arrival at the Halong Bay, take a canoe to the 4 star Halong Cruise, enjoy drinks while listen the program and safety measures to ensure the safety on board.
Enjoy a buffet lunch on board and admire the Ha Long Bay scenery, including: Dog (Cho Da Island), Fighting Cocks (Ga Choi Island), Insence (Dinh Huong Island), After lunch, depart to visit Vung Vieng fishing village with a boat rowed by locals to help you enjoy the beautiful scenery at ease.
You will really feel relaxed in the quiet atmosphere with fresh air here.
Try kayak in the fishing village, freely swim, experience the exciting feelings to be immersed in the blue water of Bai Tu Long Bay.
Back on board, you can watch the sunset over the sea or you can use the services of massage and spa (expenses excluded).
At night, you can participate in cooking classes at Happy hour (18: 00-19: 00, buy 1 get 1 free) on rooftop, eat dinner at a restaurant on board.
Overnight on board.
Day 3 : HA LONG - HANOI - BA VANG PAGODA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
Upon arrival in Hanoi, check in and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - NOI BAI AIRPORT - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Have breakfast and check out.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
In the afternoon, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Royal City - Bai Dinh Pagoda - Trang An - Yen Tu - Ha Long Bay (Special deal)
Tour code: NDSGN104-008-070317VJ-G-1
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 07/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 4
6,490,000 VND
6,290,000 VND
BOOK NOW
The journey to Ha Long is an opportunity for tourists to admire the amazing nature with tottery cliffs at sea such as Ga Choi, Trong Mai islets, etc and caves such as Sung Sot, Trinh Nu, etc Each visit to Ha Long will make you feel this place not unlike a giant natural museum with fanciful pristine caves and novel, attractive culture and history.
Arriving at Ha Long, you will feel so attracted that you forget the time and do not want to leave.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - (NOI BAI) HANOI - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN (Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Bac Ha - Yen Tu - Ha Long – Fansipan
Tour code: NDSGN132-069-100317VN-U
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 10/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 2
7,790,000 VND
7,390,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Sapa attracts tourists with golden fields in harvest season, seductive love market, imposing Fansipan peak.
Hanoi is ancient, poetic in dew morning.
Ha Long is spectacular with Ga Choi, Dinh Huong islets, etc which are marvelous natural masterpieces. These places are attractive destinations for tourists during this journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam, connecting Hanoi and Lao Cai through Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Yen Bai.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
Day 2 : SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, and then depart to Bac Ha.
On arrival, you shall blend into the exciting atmosphere of the mountainous market - Bac Ha Market, known as the largest mountainous market in Lao Cai, where gathered many traders in neighboring ethic groups for exchange, trade but Bac Ha is more famous by its natural beauty.
Continue to visit Hoang A Tuong Palace - also known as the "H'Mong's King's Palace" built from 1914 owned by Hoang Yen Chao - Tay ethnic group, Hoang A Tuong's father.
After nearly 100 years of existence, the old house still stands majestically outstanding between a densely populated place, crowded streets.
Return to Hanoi, check in.
In the evening, you are free to explore the old town at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Return to the hotel, free at leisure or free to visit Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), see circus performances of Dolphins, Seals .
Besides, you may visit Sun World Ha Long Park Ba Deo Mountain by Queen cable car from Bai Chay Beach, which reaches two world records (cabin with the world's largest capacity, 230 persons/cabin and the cable with the world's highest pole from land, T1 pole in 188.88m.), experience the solar wheel, visit the Japanese garden, wax exhibition area, children's recreation area, etc.
Overnight in Halong.
Day 5 : HA LONG - (NOI BAI) HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Return to Hanoi, then take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Tour program
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - Truoi Lake - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN342-006-230217VJ-G
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 23/02/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
4,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – DA NANG - ASIAN PARK (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Then, take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, you shall take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, take a coach to visit the Asian Park - a leading amusement park in Southeast Asia of world-class standard, you are free to experience "the Sun Wheel" - an impressive height of 115m, currently under the top 10 world's highest wheels, admire sightseeing of Da Nang from many different heights, an architectural structure in combination with contemporary features and cross-culture between Vietnam and other Asian countries, designed by the skilful architect Bill Bensley - one of five leading designers in the world in the tourism industry.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 2 : DA NANG – BA NA (Breakfast - Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world.
Have a self-supported lunch in Ba Na.
You are free for visiting and then free at leisure.
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Enjoy dinner.
Return to Da Nang, check in and free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 3 : DA NANG – HUE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Then, visit freely until check out.
After that, take a coach to go through Hai Van Tunnel - the longest tunnel in Southeast Asia to Da Nang to Hue.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the evening, you are free at leisure or explore Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 4 : HUE - DA NANG - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Have lunch.
Next, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Tour program
Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An - La Vang - Thien Duong Cave – Hue
Tour code: NDSGN311-028-250217VJ-U
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 25/02/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 3
5,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 500,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 3
5,790,000 VND 5,290,000 VND BOOK NOW
The journey takes tourists to the path of the central cultural heritage.
Hoi An is charming and ancient, Da Nang is youthful with captivating beautiful landscapes such as Ngu Hanh Son, Ba Na, Son Tra peninsula, Hai Van mountain pass, poetic Han river and Han river turning bridge - a proud of the city.
Along with charming natural scenery Hue, the location place of Royal palace, Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, Tu Duc Mausoleum, Ancestral temple, Hien Lam Cac, The Nine Tripod Cauldrons of 13 Nguyen Dynasty kings; Quang Binh with green mountains and blue water, where there is an interesting system of caves recognized by UNESCO as a world natural heritage.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG - HOI AN Meals: 2 meals (lunch, dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them, take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (For tours from December to March annually, sea swimming is not included in the program due to cold sea).
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Enjoy dinner.
Back to Da Nang Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 2 : DA NANG - SON TRA - BA NA - HUE Meals: 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world.
Eat lunch.
Next, go through the Hai Van Tunner - thelongest tunnel in Southeast Asia to Hue check in hotel, free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 3 : HUE - LA VANG HOLY LAND- PARADISE CAVE Meals: 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land - An important shrine of Vietnamese Catholics in Quang Tri, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Quang Binh, eat lunch and continue to visit the new cave in the World Natural Heritage of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Then, return to Hue (rather late at 08:00 pm) Enjoy dinner in Quang Tri.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(In case, you do not visit the Paradise Cave, but freely visit Hue, with self-supported lunch and dinner, please inform it immediately upon registration, Vietravel will recover its costs: for lunch, dinner and sightseeing of VND 450,000/tourist.
In case of late information, no refund is applied)
Day 4 : HUE - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Have lunch.
Take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings. Then, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Phu Bai Airport - Hue to catch a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An - La Vang - Thien Duong Cave - Hue - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN312-015-250217BL-E-1
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 25/02/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 1
5,590,000 VND
4,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG - HOI AN Meals: 2 meals (lunch, dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them, take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (For tours from December to March annually, sea swimming is not included in the program due to cold sea).
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Enjoy dinner.
Back to Da Nang Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 2 : DA NANG - SON TRA - BA NA - HUE Meals: 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner)
Buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world.
Eat lunch.
Next, go through the Hai Van Tunner - thelongest tunnel in Southeast Asia to Hue check in hotel, free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 3 : HUE - LA VANG HOLY LAND- PARADISE CAVE Meals: 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land - An important shrine of Vietnamese Catholics in Quang Tri, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Quang Binh, eat lunch and continue to visit the new cave in the World Natural Heritage of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Then, return to Hue (rather late at 08:00 pm) Enjoy dinner in Quang Tri.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(In case, you do not visit the Paradise Cave, but freely visit Hue, with self-supported lunch and dinner, please inform it immediately upon registration, Vietravel will recover its costs: for lunch, dinner and sightseeing of VND 450,000/tourist.
In case of late information, no refund is applied)
Day 4 : HUE – DA NANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
Buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Have lunch.
Take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Then, the coach shall take you to the Da Nang Airport – Da Nang to catch a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Da Nang - Hue - La Vang - Phong Nha cave &amp; Thien Duong cave - Ba Na - Hoi An - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN305-095-150317VN-P
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 15/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
6,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 400,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 6
6,990,000 VND 6,590,000 VND BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG - HUE Meals included: 2 meals (lunch, dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
Vietravel's tour guide shall support you in procedures to catch a flight to Da Nang.
At the Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall welcome and take you for buffet breakfast, then go through the Hai Van Tunnel to Hue.
Upon arrival in Hue, visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 2 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have lunch.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
Day 3 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG - LANG CO - DA NANG Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch in Hue.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co - one of the most beautiful bays in the world before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Have dinner.
In the evening, freely visit the Asian Park (expenses excluded): a leading amusement park in Southeast Asia of world-class standard, you are free to experience "the Sun Wheel" - an impressive height of 115m, currently under the top 10 world's highest wheels, admire sightseeing of Da Nang from many different heights, a architectural structure in combination with contemporary features and cross-culture between Vietnam and other Asian countries, designed by the skilful architect Bill Bensley - one of five leading designers in the world in the tourism industry.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 4 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 5 : DA NANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet
(Depending on weather situation: from December to March annually, the tour does not the program of sea swimming because of cold weather).
Check out.
Have lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Next, take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Have dinner.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Hue - La Vang - Thien Duong cave - Vung Chua - Ba Na - Hoi An - Da Nang (Special deal)
Tour code: NDSGN303-006-120317VJ-E
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 12/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
5,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
5,990,000 VND 5,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
The journey takes tourists to the path of the central cultural heritage.
Hoi An is charming and ancient, Da Nang is youthful with captivating beautiful landscapes such as Ngu Hanh Son, Ba Na, Son Tra peninsula, Hai Van mountain pass, poetic Han river and Han river turning bridge - a proud of the city.
Along with charming natural scenery Hue, the location place of Royal palace, Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, Tu Duc Mausoleum, Ancestral temple, Hien Lam Cac, The Nine Tripod Cauldrons of 13 Nguyen Dynasty kings; Quang Binh with green mountains and blue water, where there is an interesting system of caves recognized by UNESCO as a world natural heritage.
Especially, tourists will have opportunities to visit General Vo Nguyen Giap grave in Vung Chua - Yen island.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - HUE Meals included: 2 meals (lunch, dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
Vietravel's tour guide shall support you in procedures to catch a flight to Hue.
At the Phu Bai Airport - Hue, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick you up to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in a 4 star hotel in Hue.
Day 2 : HUE - LA VANG - PARADISE CAVE Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the La Vang Holy Land and Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have lunch.
Then, visit the Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km which was discovered and put into operation in tourism in 2010, located in the Phong Nha - Ke Bang World Natural Heritage.
Return to Dong Hoi, check in and free at leisure.
In the evening, you shall be free for a walk to explore Quang Binh City at night or walk along Nhat Le Beach and enjoy seafood, etc.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
Day 3 : QUANG BINH - VUNG CHUA - LANG CO - ASIAN PARK - DA NANG Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Vung Chua - Visit the Tomb of General Vo Nguyen Giap Then, depart to Da Nang.
On the way, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel).
Have lunch in Quang Tri.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co Beach before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang City.
Enjoy dinner, check in and free at leisure.
In the evening, you shall take a car to experience the "Sun Wheel" at the Asian Park (expenses excluded) - belonging an architectural structure in combination between contemporary and ancient features, acculturation between Vietnam and other Asian countries designed by the skillful architect Bill Bensley.
Here, you can admire the Da Nang's sightseeing with a new perspective that has never been explored.
In particular, with the impressive height of 115m, the Sun Wheel is currently in top 10 highest wheels in the world. Or you can be free at leisure, admire the beauty of Da Nang at night, watch the bridges - symbols for nonstop development of Da Nang City such as: Dragon Bridge, Han River Bridge, Tran Thi Ly Bridge, Commerical Center, Food Street, Cafe - Bar - Disco, etc.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 4 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Option 1: You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world.
Option 2: Get rest at the hotel or be free to explore the city on the night. go for a walk and watch the Dragon Bridge - One of the world's largest steel dragon and Tran Thi Ly Bridge - with boat-like architecture reaching to the sea, go shopping for specialty, etc.
Wait for tourists from Ba Na trip for lunch.
Have lunch.
Get rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 5 : DA NANG - SON TRA - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March annually, the tour does not the program of sea swimming because of cold weather).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out.
Have lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Next, take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Ha Noi - Sapa - Ha Long - Ninh Binh - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha Cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An
Tour code: NDSGN164-007-090317-U
Duration: 11 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
20,590,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 1,000,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
20,590,000 VND 19,590,000 VND BOOK NOW
The North Central route, tourists will have the opportunity to discover a land of Central heritage with many beautiful landscapes in Hoi An, Da Nang, Hue, Quang Binh and the North areas which are equally charming with spectacular landscapes in Ninh Binh, Ha Long.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - SAPA (Lunch, dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam, connecting Hanoi and Lao Cai through Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Yen Bai.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
Day 2 : SA PA - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
Day 3 : LAO CAI - HA NOI (3 Meals)
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou", go shopping at Coc Leu market.
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge. In the evening, you are free to explore the old town at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HA NOI - YEN TU - HA LONG ( 3 Meals )
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge, take photos in front of Quang Ninh Museum and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Return to the hotel, free at leisure or free to visit Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), see circus performances of Dolphins, Seals, besides you can visit Sun World Ha Long Park on Ba Deo mountain.
Stay overnight in Ha Long.
Day 5 : HA NOI - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (3 Meals)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the afternoon, take a coach to Ninh Binh. On arrival, check in and enjoy the special dish of milk goat.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
Day 6 : NINH BINH - HANOI - HUE ( 3 meals )
Check out, then visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
You can visit the Pagoda by trams.
Then, continue to Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Hue.
Overnight in Hue.
Day 7 : HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (3 Meals)
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel. visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 8 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (3 Meals)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have breakfast.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length which was discovered and put into operation in tourism in 2010.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
Day 9 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (3 Meals)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co before going through Hai Van to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you shall take a car to experience the "Sun Wheel" at the Asian Park (expenses excluded) - belonging an architectural structure in combination between contemporary and ancient features, acculturation between Vietnam and other Asian countries designed by the skillful architect Bill Bensley.
Here, you can admire the Da Nang's sightseeing with a new perspective that has never been explored.
In particular, with the impressive height of 115m, the Sun Wheel is currently in top 10 highest wheels in the world.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 10 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 11 : DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA - HCM CITY (Breakfast, Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March every year, instead of My Khe Beach because of cold sea, you shall arrive at Danang Galina Mud Bath &amp; Spa, including the cost of the pool bath, using the aquatic therapy system, costs of mud baths excluded).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out and eat lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight back to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 11 ngày
Themed travel :
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN360-013-080317VJ-E
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 08/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
3,390,000 VND
BOOK NOW
The journey takes tourists to the path of the central cultural heritage.
Hoi An is charming and ancient, Da Nang is youthful with captivating beautiful landscapes such as Ngu Hanh Son, Ba Na, Son Tra peninsula, Hai Van mountain pass, poetic Han river and Han river turning bridge - a proud of the city.
Along with charming natural scenery Hue, the location place of Royal palace, Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, Tu Duc Mausoleum, Ancestral temple, Hien Lam Cac, The Nine Tripod Cauldrons of 13 Nguyen Dynasty kings; Quang Binh with green mountains and blue water, where there is an interesting system of caves recognized by UNESCO as a world natural heritage.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG –SON TRA-HOI AN (Lunch, dinner)
You gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel Counter, Column 10 at the Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
At Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, admire the Tien Sa Port, visit the Linh Ung Bai But Pagoda - the largest pagoda in Da Nang - with a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra Island in a perfect way.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, the coach takes you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments… then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing, etc.
Have dinner.
In the evening, you are free to explore Da Nang City at night.
Stay overnight in Da Nang
Day 2 : DA NANG – BA NA RESORT – HOI AN (Breakfast, dinner included, lunch excluded)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You are free to explore Da Nang, relax at the hotel or the coach take you to visit Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the “Da Lat in the Central”, then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded) visit: Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Gardenetc.
Next, visit a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Naand visit Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands, visit theBell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: with strange adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House andexhibition area of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world, etc.
Have lunch at Ba Na at your own expense.
Freely to sightsee until the departure time.
You then return to the hotel to rest.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you can be free at leisure at the hotel, or admire the beauty of Da Nang at night, watch the bridges - symbols for nonstop development of Da Nang City such as: Dragon Bridge, Han River Bridge, Tran Thi Ly Bridge, Commercial Center, Food Street, Cafe - Bar - Disco – Disco, etc.
Stay overnight in Da Nang
Day 3 : DA NANG – HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast, Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You shall take a coach to My Khe beach – one of the most charming beach in the planet or you are free to rest at the hotel until check out.
Have lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach takes you to visit Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave,Non Nuoc Pagoda,etc, The coach takes you to the Da Nang Airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - La Vang - Phong Nha cave – Hue
Tour code: NDSGN331-071-080317VJ-E
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 08/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
4,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 0
4,990,000 VND 4,790,000 VND Full
The journey takes tourists to the path of the central cultural heritage.
Hoi An is charming and ancient, Da Nang is youthful with captivating beautiful landscapes such as Ngu Hanh Son, Ba Na, Son Tra peninsula, Hai Van mountain pass, poetic Han river and Han river turning bridge - a proud of the city.
Along with charming natural scenery Hue, the location place of Royal palace, Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, Tu Duc Mausoleum, Ancestral temple, Hien Lam Cac, The Nine Tripod Cauldrons of 13 Nguyen Dynasty kings; Quang Binh with green mountains and blue water, where there is an interesting system of caves recognized by UNESCO as a world natural heritage.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them, take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, you shall take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet.
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Enjoy dinner.
Back to Da Nang.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 2 : DA NANG – BA NA – HUE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world.
Eat lunch.
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world. On arrival in Hue, check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free at leisure or explore Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 3 : HUE - LA VANG - PHONG NHA CAVE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land - An important shrine of Vietnamese Catholics in Quang Tri, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
(In case you do not visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery, please wait for 15 minutes).
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Cung Dinh Cave, etc.
Then, depart to Hue at little late, about 08:00 pm.
Enjoy dinner in Quang Tri.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(Note: In case, you do not visit the Phong Nha Cave, but freely visit and explore Hue on a whole day and self support lunch and dinner, please inform at the time of registration: refund of VND 350,000)
Day 4 : HUE -HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Then, take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Then, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Phu Bai - Hue airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Nha Trang - Da Nang - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha Cave - Ba Na - Hoi An- Ha Noi - Ha Long
Tour code: NDSGN163-007-080317-U
Duration: 10 days
Departure: 08/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
19,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 1,000,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
19,990,000 VND 18,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
The North Central route, tourists will have the opportunity to discover a land of Central heritage with many beautiful landscapes in Nha Trang, Hoi An, Da Nang, Hue, Quang Binh and the North areas which are equally charming with spectacular landscapes in Ninh Binh, Ha Long.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCM CITY - NHA TRANG (3 Meals)
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City).
And depart for Nha Trang.
Along the way, you will visit Ca Na beach - one of the most beautiful beaches in the Central region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset over Nha Trang bay.
Upon arrival in Nha Trang, check in.
In the evening, you are free to explore the sea city.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - WHITE SAND DOC LET - VINPEARL LAND (Breakfast, lunch, expense excluded dinner)
In the morning, the coach takes you to visit White Sand Doc Let Resort – With the very green lawn and typical coconut palms in the space of mixing the sunshine, white sand and the scenery for dreamlike scene in the luxury resort.
Freely swim and do the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc. or taste seafood (at your own expense).
The coach shall take you to return to Nha Trang.
In the afternoon you can choose between the two programs below:
Option 1: Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - located on top of Hoang Lan hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky.
The trip continues with visit to Long Son pagoda which is an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
Option 2: You can go for a walk in the seashore or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will have to pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponagar seafood street, etc.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG - DA NANG - HUE (3 Meals)
After breakfast, you are free for visiting Nha Trang and check out.
The coach shall take you to the Nha Trang airport for a flight to Da Nang.
At the Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach shall take you and depart to Hue.
Upon arrival in Hue in afternoon, have dinner and free at leisure or export Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 4 : HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (3 Meals)
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel, visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in a 4 star hotel in Hue.
Day 5 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (3 Meals)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have breakfast.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length which was discovered and put into operation in tourism in 2010.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh
Day 6 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (3 Meals)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co before going through Hai Van to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you shall take a car to experience the "Sun Wheel" at the Asian Park (expenses excluded) - belonging an architectural structure in combination between contemporary and ancient features, acculturation between Vietnam and other Asian countries designed by the skillful architect Bill Bensley.
Here, you can admire the Da Nang's sightseeing with a new perspective that has never been explored.
In particular, with the impressive height of 115m, the Sun Wheel is currently in top 10 highest wheels in the world.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 7 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 8 : DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA (Breakfast, Lunch, expense excluded dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March every year, instead of My Khe Beach because of cold sea, you shall arrive at Danang Galina Mud Bath &amp; Spa, including the cost of the pool bath, using the aquatic therapy system, costs of mud baths excluded).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out and eat lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Overnight in Da Nang.
Day 9 : DA NANG - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - YEN TU - HA LONG (3 Meals)
Early in the morning, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ha Noi.
At Noi Bai airport, Vietravel's coach shall pick you up for breakfast, then depart to Ha Long.
You visit the Yen Tu Mountain - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam". Then, take the cable to visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda (cable car costs excluded) - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
In the afternoon, check in, then visit the Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), enjoy the crocodile performances or play games: ferris wheels, electric vehicles and ghost house, etc.
Besides you can visit Sun World Ha Long Park on Ba Deo mountain.
Overnight in Ha Long.
Day 10 : HA LONG - (NOI BAI) HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Ha Long Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Then, continue to visit and discover the magnificence of Sung Sot Cave, which was voted in the top 10 most beautiful caves in the world, and is a double cave with thousands of magic stalactites discovered by the French in 1901.
Each compartment is a separate scene, which keeps audience stunned. One compartment is compared as a large theater with cave ceiling covered with stalactites; the other includes images associated with the legend of Saint Giong (Thanh Giong): the Horse, a long sword, etc.
The cruise will continue to take you to visit and conquer the Titop Island, from above you will discover the panorama view of majestic and lively Ha Long Bay.
Back to Hanoi, on the way, stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
Then go to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Vinpearl Ha Long Resort 5* - Bai Dinh Pagoda - Trang An - Thien Cung Cave - Yen Tu
Tour code: NDSGN107-005-180317VN-P
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 18/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
8,990,000 VND
7,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Located on Reu island - one of the most beautiful and unspoiled island in Halong Bay, Vinpearl Ha Long Bay Resort is considered as a new wonder in the ocean with luxurious and attractive beauty not less than an island of palm trees - The Palm Jumeirah in Dubai.
Along with 5 star service system, favorable position with unique vision, etc Vinpearl Resort Halong Bay is the world-class convalescence tourist resort which Vietravel pioneers to bring wonderful experiences to tourists.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Chengdu - Jiuzhaigou - Mounigou - Leshan – Emeishan
Tour code: NNSGN408-005-020417VN-G
Duration: 8 days
Departure: 02/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
20,990,000 VND
19,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 2 : Chengdu - Jiuzhaigou (Three meals)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
The coach takes you to Jiuzhaigou (about 9-10 hours).
You will have lunch at a local restaurant.
Along the way you have chances to admire the nature scenes on the two sides of Minjiang River.
On arrival of Jiuzhaizhou, you are taken to dinner at a local restaurant.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : Jiuzhaigou (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You then take public ecological cars going to visit Jiuzhaigou resort dubbed "Paradise on earth" located in the autonomous areas of Tibetan and Qiang ethinic groups, the majestic mountainous area at a altitude of 4,000m above the sea, with the natural landscape classified as second-to-none in China.
You will admire the rolling pine forests and hundreds of colorful and charming waterfalls and lakes - recognized by the UNESCO as the world's cultural heritage; this place is also the settings for making of Shuiguoshan scenes in the drama Journey to the West.
You also visit lakes formed from sedimentary limestone moutains, each of which bears a particular beauty, arranged by the nature into incredibly beautiful scenery: Hu lake, Huahuo lake, Wuhu lake, Zhang lake, Wuse sea - change the color according to the metabolism of the nature.
You have buffet lunch in the resort.
After the visit, the coach takes you to dinner and the hotel for a rest in Jiuzhaigou.
Day 4 : Jiuzhaigou - Mounigou or Huanglong - Mao Xian (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
The coach will take you to shopping of technological items by Tibetan and Qiang ethnic groups.
After that, the coach takes you to visit Huanglong scenic area (The tour starts on 01 October and ends on 15 November- Where there is heavy snow in Huanglong, Mounigou is the alternative) After 15 November you will visit Mounigou (Mounigou valley) with the breathtaking views of the forests, mountaind and waterfalls).
Huanglong scenic area - the crayon stretching from the South to the North of Yushui mountain, is recognized by the UNESCO as "The world's natural heritage" in 1992 (cost for return cable car trip excluded).
After the visit to Huanglong or Mounigou, you are taken to Mao Xian.
You will stop to visit Red Army Monument, Chuanzhu temple, Songpan ancient town and Mao Xian Town.
You have dinner at a local restaurant.
Stay overnight in Mao Xian.
Day 5 : Mao Xian - Leshan - Emeishan (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
The coach departs for Leshan.
On arrival in Leshan, you will take a boat trip for a visit of Leshan Dafo, a cultural heritage of the world, with a sitting Buddha, the world's biggest stone buddha carved on Qiluan top of Lingyun mountain under the Tang dynasty and yo can shop freely at crystal shops.
You have lunch at a local restaurant.
After that you are taken to Emeishan - the Buddhist land of China.
Have dinner at a local restaurant.
On arrival in Emei, you check in and get a rest.
Day 6 : Emeishan - Chengdu (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You will depart to visit Baoguo Temple - in front of and behind which has a Phoenix engraved.
At the entrance, the sign saying the three big words "Bao Guo Temple" was written by the Qing emperor Kangxi himself.
After that the coach takes you to the foot of Emeishan.
You visit Emeishan and take cable car to the highest top of Emeishan - Jinding, at your own cost.
From here, you can see the whole basin of Qingzang Plateau.
You also visit the four sided Buddha of 48m high, and Gold Temple, Silver Temple and Copper Temple.
Then you go down to the foot of the mountain at your own cost.
The coach picks you up at the foot of the mountain to come back to Chengdu.
Have dinner and check in, rest at the hotel.
Day 7 : Chengdu (Three meals)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
On arrival in Chengdu, you stop to visit Huanglongxi ancient town and shop freely in Kuan Alley and Zhai Auey ancient cities.
You continue to visit Baoshoutang stores, silk and fade stores.
After dinner, check in and get rest at the hotel.
Day 8 : Chengdu - Ho Chi Minh City (Breakfast - Lunch)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You are free to shop and have lunch until the departure at the airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival at Tan Son Nhat Airport, the tour ends.
Vietravel's staff says goodbye.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 8 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Siem Reap-Phnom Penh 3* Hotel (Special deal)
Tour code: NNSGN101-030-040317XE-G
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
4,090,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 400,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 0
4,090,000 VND 3,690,000 VND Full
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - MOC BAI - SIEM REAP: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick you up at 190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC and depart to Moc Bai border gate.
Have breakfast on the cruise.
Ater arriving at Moc Bai border gate, you will make procedure to cross the border gate.
The local coach and tour guide will pick you up and take you to have lunch at a local restaurant.
Afterward, you continue to travel to Siem Reap.
Ater arriving, you will check out at a three-star hotel.
Enjoy dinner and get rest.
Day 2 : SIEM REAP: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Then visit South Gate of Angkor Thom and Ta Prohm - the biggest palaces with Buddha's faces carved on stones and beautiful reliefs. The coach takes you cross Bayon Temple, Baphuon Temple and Elephant Square.
Next, you will visit Angkor Wat Temple - one of the world's wonders.
After lunch, you will return to the hotel….Before having dinner; you will visit Bakheng Hill to view the beautiful and mysterious country of pagodas.
Enjoy dinner and traditional sing and dance programs of Khmer people.
Then, back to the hotel.
Day 3 : SIEM REAP - PHNOM PENH: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You depart to Phnom Penh - Capital City of Kingdom of Cambodia.
You will have lunch at a local restaurant in Phnom Penh and check in at a three-star hotel.
In the afternoon, you visit Wat Phnom - a very popular pagoda in Phnom Penh and continue to visit Golden Pagoda, Silver Pagoda and Palace.
Afterward, you freely visit and go shopping at City Jewelry.
After dinner, you will freely visit and try your luck at a famous casino in Cambodia.
Day 4 : PHNOM PENH - MOC BAI - HO CHI MINH CITY: (Breakfast - Lunch)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You freely go shopping at Central Market.
Afterward, you will return to Moc Bai border gate.
Enjoy lunch in the locality.
After arriving at Moc Bai border gate and making procedure to enter Vietnam, the coach will take you to return to 190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
End the tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Sihanouk Ville-Bokor-Phnom Penh - 3* Hotel
Tour code: NNSGN103-010-090317XE-G
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
3,790,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - PHNOM PENH - SIHANNOUKVILLE: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick you up at 190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC and depart to Moc Bai border gate.
Have breakfast on the cruise.
Ater arriving at Moc Bai border gate, you will make procedure to cross the border gate.
Local coach and tour guide receive the tour and take you to have lunch at a local restaurant.
Afterward, you continue to go to Sihanoukville - a leading coastal city of Cambodia.
Beaches with white sand and warm water flows from Thailand Bay in combination with the pleasant coastal atmosphere create a tourist site which helps you avoid the heat of the tropical climate.
After arriving, you have dinner, check in at hotel to get rest or freely discover the sea at night with boisterous bars along the beach and enjoy fresh seafood (self-paid).
Day 2 : SIHANOUKVILLE - THANSUR BOKOR: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
After arriving, you visit the Golden Lion Statue - which is the symbol of Sihanoukville city and freely take bath at O Chheu Teal beach with whispering waves on the white sand beach.
The coach takes you to Xa Lon market to buy specialties.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
Afterward, you start to travel to Kampot to start to discover Bokor Highland at the altitude of 1075 above the sea level, with a beautiful winding road system - where you can see an overview of Thailand Bay and Phu Quoc Island (Vietnam).
Stop to take photos with a rock having human face shape like a mountain god to protect the life in this sacred land.
Continue to visit Ms.Mao statue - a giant statute located on the middle of the mountain. This is the female god who is said to bring in happiness in the religion of the Cambodian people.
Arriving at Thansur Bokor Resort, you will feel the cool atmosphere of the highland's climate.
After checking in, you will enjoy a buffet dinner at the restaurant inside the resort.
Freely visit the resort or try your luck at the casino.
Day 3 : THANSUR BOKOR - PHNOM PENH (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the resort.
After checking out, the coach will take you to take photos at Palace - Casino, The Catholic Church constructed by French colonists in 1917.
Especially, you will be able to listen to mysterious legends which is considered "the most mysterious in the world" when visiting Samprov Pram Pagoda - with many legends about Preah Thom Prince and Aquarium Princess Nagani - The home of Khmer Civilization.
The coach will take you to return to Phnom Penh.
Arrive in Phnom Penh - Capital City of Kingdom of Cambodia.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant and check in at the hotel.
In the afternoon, you visit Wat Phnom - a very popular pagoda in Phnom Penh and continue to visit Silver Pagoda, Palace and Independent Monument.
Afterward, you freely visit and go shopping at City Jewelry.
After dinner, you will freely visit and try your luck at a famous casino in Cambodia.
Day 4 : PHNOM PENH - MOC BAI - HO CHI MINH CITY: (Breakfast - Lunch)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Freely go shopping at Central Market.
Then return to Moc Bai border gate.
Have lunch in the locality.
After arriving at Moc Bai border gate and making procedure to enter Vietnam, the coach will take you to return to 190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
End the tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Beijing - Suzhou - Wuxi -Hangzhou – Shanghai
Tour code: NNSGN411-007-040317VN-U
Duration: 7 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 1
18,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - BEIJING: (Dinner)
Vietravel's tour guide will pick you up at Tan Son Nhat airport for flight to Beijing (transit in Hanoi).
On arrival in Beijing, the tour guide shall pick you up for a visit to Yihe Garden - The Summer Palace of Empress Dowager Cixi - a palace built under the Qing dynasty.
This place is well-known for the traditional flower garden art of China.
You can enjoy unique circus performances.
You have dinner with the famous Beijing roast duck and come back to the hotel for a rest.
Check in a 3 star hotel.
Day 2 : BEIJING: (Three meals)
After the breakfast at the hotel you visit The Great Wall - one of the world’s wonders, the second-to-none human-made work for the military purposes, The Ming Tombs - where the 13 Ming tombs are worshiped.
You visit marble shops and the famous Tongrentang northern medicine store.
You have dinner and are free to shop on Wangfujing street.
Return to the hotel for rest.
Day 3 : BEIJING: (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You visit the pearl stores.
Then you visit The Forbidden City – the worldly famous place with hundreds of movies about the 24 Chinese emperors, Tiananmen Square- a large square in Beijing, built in 1417 covering an area of about 440,000 square meters.
Tiananmen is the largest square of the world able to accommodate 1 million people at the same time.
Then, you go to shop feng shui statues at Dongbianmen - learning about feng shui statues, a spiritual animal bringing luck to Chinese people.
You are free to explore Beijing on the night.
Day 4 : BEIJING – SUZHOU: (Three meals)
After the breakfast at the hotel, you catch the high speed train to Suzhou (at a speed of 300km/h - 5-6 hours - Second class seat).
On arrival in Suzhou, you have dinner.
Then you will pay a visit to Hanshan Temple - one of the Chinese ancient temples with the famous fresco named “Hanshan - Shide” carved on stone by a Qing painter, Lion Grove Garden - An architectural masterpiece of forest park in Suzhou, considered as the world's cultural heritage, one of the four most beautiful forest parks in Suzhou.
Inside the Lion Grove Garden, a lot of magic man-made caves were built which are like mazes, you also visit a famous silk factory in Suzhou and shopping at zisha teapot stores.
Have dinner and check in a 3 star hotel.
Day 5 : SUZHOU - WUXI – HANGZHOU (Three meals)
After the breakfast you depart for Wuxi visiting China's Three Kingdoms studio, sightseeing Taihu Lake.
Then you depart for Hangzhou.
On arrival in Hangzhou, you will take a boat trip on West lake, visit Longjing tea garden.
Have dinner and check in a 3 star hotel.
Day 6 : HANGZHOU - SHANGHAI: (Three meals)
After the breakfast at the hotel, you visit Yuefei Temple.
After that, you depart for Shanghai by air conditioned coach.
On arrival in Shanghai you visit Oriental Pearl Tower (price of ticket for entry of the tower excluded), Shanghai Bund.
Then you are free to shop on Nanjing street.
Check in and get rest at the 3 star hotel.
Day 7 : SHANGHAI - HO CHI CHI MINH CITY: (Breakfast - Lunch)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You visit Yufo Temple, and knife stores.
After the lunch you go to the airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival at Tan Son Nhat Airport, the tour ends.
Vietravel's staff says goodbye.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 7 ngày
Themed travel:
Zhangjiajie - Tianmen - Jingdao – Fanghuangguzhen
Tour code: NNSGN420-003-090317CZ-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 1
16,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : Ho Chi Minh City – Zhangjiajie
Vietravel's tour guide picks you up at Tan Son Nhat Airport for flight to Zhangjiajie (transit in Guangzhou) To Zhangjiajie, coach and tour guide will pick you up at the airport.
Then check in and rest at the 3* hotel.
Day 2 : Zhangjiajie - Fenghuang ancient town (Three meals)
After the breakfast at the hotel, you will depart for Fenghuang ancient town by coach (about 3.5 hours) - praised by the New Zealand writer Alley Rewi as the most beautiful place of China, which is a small town in Hunan province, China, with old houses close to the mountain and looking themselves in the Black river.
You will visit the old house of writer Shensongwen, house of Xiongxiling - China's first general secretary, Dongmen castle, Chongde temple, temple of Yang family, Wanshou palace and Ming Qing street, ancient castle walls, Shensongwen square, and stroll along the Black river...
You are free to go sightseeing and stroll the streets.
Stay overnight in Fenghuang.
Day 3 : Fenghuang ancient town - Zhangjiajie (Three meals)
After dinner, check in and get rest at the hotel.
Day 4 : Zhangjiajie (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
After the dinner, you return to Wulingyuan hotel for a rest.
Day 5 : Zhangjiajie (Three meals)
Taking the cable car to go down 
Day 6 : Zhangjiajie - Guangzhou - Ho Chi Minh City (Breakfast)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You go to airport to catch the flight to Ho Chi Minh City (transit in Guangzhou).
Arrive at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Vietravel's guide says goodbye.
The tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Hong Kong-Disneyland-Chi Lin Temple-Guangzhou - Shenzhen (Special deal)
Tour code: NNSGN4753-006-110317CX
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 11/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 6
17,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Hong Kong has long been a popular tourist place attracting millions of tourists each year.
Although it does not own spectacular natural landscapes, stretching white sandy beaches but Hong Kong is considered as the shopping paradise and it also has many sightseeing spots attractive for international tourists.
Traveling to Hong Kong with Vietravel, tourists will have the chance to experience the excitement when visiting Wax Museum, praising for good luck and fortune in the God of Wealth Temple, admire masterpieces of Big Buddha on Lantau Island or to have fun with family and relatives at famous Ocean World or Disneyland with princess castle
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – HONG KONG (Dinner)
Vietravel's team leader picks you up at Tan Son Nhat airport for flight to Hong Kong.
As arrival at Chek Lap Kok International Airport (Hong Kong), the coach and our local tour guide pick up and take you into the city.
On the way, you see Tsing Ma Bridge - one of the most beautiful bridge in Asia.
Have dinner at a local restaurant.
Free to go shopping at the Lady Market.
Stay overnight at Regal Oriental 3* hotel or equivalent hotel.
Day 2 : HONG KONG - DISNEYLAND (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Visit Hong Kong Conference and Exhibition Center, Bauhinia Square - in which the Swaying bauhinia, the symbol of Hong Kong, is placed and this is the site to take place the handover ceremony of Hong Kong back to China (in 1997), continue to visit Repulse Bay, Wong Tai Sin Temple and Victoria Peak- sightsee the gorgeous panoramic view of Hong Kong Continue to visit Chi Lin Nunnery - built with wooden structures without using any nails to link the joints together under Tang Dynasty architecture - visit Nan Lian Garden under Japanese architecture style with a golden yellow octagonal temple located on a small lake with golden yellow, and you can admire thousands of bonsai all kinds.
And then you are free to visit and go shopping at jewelry stores and at duty-free shops.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, go sightseeing and have fun at Disneyland - the world's famous entertainment zone with parade performances of dancers being characters in the famous cartoon films of Walt Disney.
Go by aerial tram to visit the whole panoramic view of Disneyland and participate freely thrilling games, watch funny 3D movies of Donald Duck... Have dinner by coupon in park.
Enjoy dazzling fireworks performances at the princess castle depending on the weather conditions at the present time).
Then the coach and tour guide take you back to the hotel to rest.
Day 3 : HONG KONG - GUANGZHOU (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You depart for Guangzhou by air conditioned bus or high-speed vessel.
To Guangzhou, the delegation went through the tunnel to Haixinsa Island, a key city of Guangzhou in future.
Continue to visit and take photograph outside shooting Guangzhou TV tower with height of 600m, the tallest tower in China and the fourth rank in the world (excluding the cost of tours inside the tower).
Lunch and dinner at local restaurants.
Then you are free to shop on Beijing street.
Upon having dinner, you check in at 3* Lido hotel or equivalent hotel.
Day 4 : GUANGZHOU - SHENZHEN - ZHONG HUA JIN SU (Three meals)
Eat breakfast at the hotel.
You check out.
Visit the Wu Yang Statue, go shopping at Chinese traditional medicine store Bao Shou Tang.
You depart for Shenzhen by air-conditioned bus.
Have lunch at a local restaurant.
And then visit Zhong Hua Jin Su Park (or known as Zhung Hua Culture Village) with many miniature wonders of China, such as: Great Wall, Imperial Palace, etc.
then free shopping at the Dongmen Market.
Eat dinner at a local restaurant.
Take room and stay overnight at 3* Royal Century hotel or equivalent hotel.
Day 5 : SHENZHEN - WINDOW OF THE WORLD (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at the hotel.
Visit and shop at the Shenzhen Museum, silk and pearl stores.
After lunch at a local restaurant, visit the Window of the World - with a collection of miniatures, you can admire alive models of the wonders of the world, the historical heritage and the famous landscapes.
Have dinner at a local restaurant.
Back to the hotel to rest.
Day 6 : SHENZHEN - HONG KONG- HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
Eat breakfast at the hotel.
You check-out and free until departure time to Hong Kong airport by high-speed vessel.
As arrival at Hong Kong Airport, you take the flight to your country.
On arrival at Tan Son Nhat Airport, the tour ends.
The tour guide says goodbye.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Beijing - Shanghai - Suzhou - Wuxi – Hangzhou
Tour code: NNSGN4131-003-160317CZ-U
Duration: 7 days
Departure: 16/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
18,590,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HOCHIMINH CITY - SHENZHEN - BEIJING (Meals on the plane)
Vietravel's team leader will pick you up at the promised gate at Tan Son Nhat airport for flight to Beijing.
Transit in Shenzhen.
Arriving in Beijing at night of the next day, you are taken to the hotel for check-in and relax.
Day 2 : BEIJING (Three meals)
After the breakfast at the hotel you will visit the Forbidden City - the Chinese imperial palace from the Ming dynasty to the end of the Qing dynasty, covering an area of 720,000 m2 consisting of 800 buildings and 8,886 rooms, recognized by the UNESCO as the World Heritage; visit Tiananmen Square - the largest square of the world able to accommodate 1 million people at the same time. You also visit pearl store and Yihe Garden - previously the place to rest of the imperial family with unique architecture bearing China’s distinctive features with lakes, flower gardens, willows by the lakeside and also recognized by the UNESCO as a World Heritage.
The palace is not only a beautiful park but also an architecture masterpiece with utmost rigor and sophistication of feng shui.
Then, you go to shop feng shui statues at Dongbianmen – learning about feng shui statues, a spiritual animal bringing luck to Chinese people. You also enjoy unique circus performances.
Have dinner with the famous Beijing roast duck and come back to the hotel for a rest.
Day 3 : BEIJING (Three meals)
After the breakfast at the hotel you visit The Great Wall - one of the world’s wonders, the second-to-none human-made work for the military purposes.
You continue to visit the Ming tombs – a collection of mausoleums built by the 13 emperors of the Ming dynasty (1368-1644), recognized by the UNESCO as the World’s Cultural Heritage in 2003.
Then, you visit marble shops and the famous Tongrentang northern medicine store.
After the dinner you are free to shop on Wangfujing street.
Come back to the hotel to relax.
Day 4 : BEIJING - SHANGHAI (Three meals)
After the early check-out you depart for the airport for flight to Shanghai.
On arrival, you will visit Yufo Temple, knife stores, visit Shanghai Bund.
Then you are free to shop on Nanjing street.
Check in and get rest at the 3 star hotel.
Day 5 : SHANGHAI - SUZHOU (Three meals)
After the breakfast, you depart for Suzhou in an air conditioned coach.
You will pay a visit to Hanshan Temple - one of the Chinese ancient temples with the famous fresco named “Hanshan - Shide” carved on stone by a Qing painter.
You continue to visit Lion Grove Garden - An architectural masterpiece of forest park in Suzhou, one of the four most beautiful forest gardens in Suzhou.
Inside the Lion Grove Garden, a lot of magic man-made caves were built which are like mazes.
Then, you visit a famous silk factory in Suzhou and zisha teapot stores.
Have dinner and check in a 3 star hotel.
Day 6 : SUZHOU - WUXI - HANGZHOU (Three meals)
After breakfast, you get on the coach to go to Wuxi, visiting China's Three Kingdoms studio - where replays images of China of the Three Kingdoms period with houses, palaces, temples, and warships…, here, you also have chances to sightsee the charming Taihu Lake .
This is also the context for making of the 2014 famous drama Wuzetian.
You continue to depart for Hangzhou.
On arrival in Hangzhou, you take a boat trip on West lake - Hangzhou's most famous place of interest.
After the lunch you continue to visit Yuefei Temple - where the national hero in Nansung period is worshiped.
Then you visit Longjing tea garden and have a chance to enjoy the famous imperial tea.
Have dinner and get rest at a 3 star hotel.
Day 7 : HANGZHOU - GUANGZHOU - HOCHIMINH CITY (Breakfast)
Having breakfast at the hotel, you are free until going to the airport for flight to Guangzhou; light lunch is on the plane.
On arrival at Guangzhou, you catch the flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Arrive in the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the tour ends.
Vietravel's staff says goodbye.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 7 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
HongKong - Disneyland - ChiLin (Special deal)
Tour code: NNSGN4701-004-200317CX-G
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 20/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
15,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - HONG KONG (Dinner)
The coach and Vietravel's tour guide will meet you at 190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City. and take you to the Tan Son Nhat airport for flight to Hong Kong.
As arrival at Chek Lap Kok International Airport, the coach and our local tour guide pick up and take you into the city.
On the way, you see Tsing Ma Bridge - one of the most beautiful bridges in Asia.
Have dinner at a local restaurant.
Free to go shopping at the Lady Market.
Stay overnight at Regal Oriental 3* hotel or equivalent hotel.
Day 2 : DISNEYLAND (Breakfast, dinner)
In the afternoon, go sightseeing and have fun at Disneyland - the world's famous entertainment zone with parade performances of dancers being characters in the famous cartoon films of Walt Disney.
Go by aerial tram to visit the whole panoramic view of Disneyland and participate freely thrilling games, watch funny 3D movies of Donald Duck... 
Have lunch in park by yourself.
Eat dinner by coupon in park.
Enjoy dazzling fireworks performances at the princess castle depending on the weather conditions at the present time).
Then the coach and tour guide take you back to the hotel to rest.
Day 3 : HONG KONG - CHI LIN NUNNERY (Three meals)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Visit the Victoria Peak - the highest peak in Hong Kong, you can sightsee skyscrapers and Victoria habor with roads to the green hills of New Territories.
Then, continue to visit the Bauhinia Square - the exhibition organization center of International Fair - in which the Swaying bauhinia, the symbol of Hong Kong, is placed and this is the site to take place the handover ceremony of Hong Kong back to China (in 1997).
Visit Repulse Bay, Wong Tai Sin Temple, Avenue Garden.
Continue to visit Chi Lin Nunnery - built with wooden structures without using any nails to link the joints together under Tang Dynasty architecture, visit Nan Lian Garden under Japanese architecture style with a golden yellow octagonal temple located on a small lake with golden yellow, and you can admire thousands of bonsai all kinds.
And then free to visit and go shopping at jewelry stores and at duty-free shops.
Lunch and dinner at local restaurants.
Return to the hotel to rest.
Day 4 : HONG KONG - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
Eat breakfast at the hotel.
You are free at leisure until the time of chek out.
The coach and tour guide will take you to Chek Lap Kok airport, flight from Hong Kong to Ho Chi Minh City.
Arrive at Tan Son Nhat airport.
The tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination China
At China You can visit the following destinations Avatar, Beihai, Beijing, Zhuhai, Kunming, Jiuzhaigou, Da Hong Pao, Dali, Gulangyu Island, Yangshuo County, Xiamen, Haikou, Hangzhou, Xiang san, Kaifeng, Luoyang, Leshan, Lijiang, Muni Gou, Hengdian, Nanzningz, Mount Emei, Ningbo, Inner Mongolia, Kaifeng Fu, Fuzhou, Fujian, Guangzhou, Guilin, Sanya, Xi 'an, Jinan, Shilin, Shenzhen, Phoenix Ancient Town, Chengdu, Qiandao Lake, Tianjin , Shaolin Monastery, Shaolin Monastery, Tulou, Shanghai, Sui Lian Dong, Qing Xiu San, Suzhou, Zhengzhou , Chongqing, China, Zhongshan , Zhangjiajie, Great Wall , Wuxi, Wuyi San, Nan Jing, Yuanjiajie.
To know more about China Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Trung Quốc
Tour program
Singapore
Tour code: NNSGN194-002-030317VJ-G
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 03/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 3
7,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - SINGAPORE: (Dinner)
Head of the tour picks you up at the appointed gate at Tan Son Nhat airport and makes procedures to take a flight to Singapore.
When you arrive at Changi airport, the local coach and tour guide will receive and take the tour to visit Merlion Park.
The journey will cross City Hall, Esplanade Theater, Fountain of Wealth, Suntec City.
Then, you will visit Buddha Tooth Relic Temple which is a big pagoda and plays an important role in the spirit and religion of the local people.
Have dinner at a local restaurant.
The tour checks in and gets rest at 3 star hotel.
Day 2 : SINGAPORE: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You will walk around a special ecological garden named Bay South Garden with a "super tree" system of solar energy.
The garden belongs to the Gardens by the Bay project which is the biggest ecological project in Singapore to improve the quality of life and retain the green for the bustling city.
The area of the whole project is 101 ha and is divided into three separate areas, including: Bay South, Bay East and Bay Central (visit only Bay South).
Freely go shopping at Diamond Industry, Habour Mart.
Enjoy Korean BBQ dishes.
View the whole beautiful Singapore from Mount Faber.
Visit Marina Dam - Water filtering work locating at the center of this beautiful city.
In the afternoon, the tour will depart to Sentosa Island.
Visit Sky Tower - From the Sky Tower with the height of 110m, you can take an overview of the whole Singapore, southern islands and Sentosa.
You also have an opportunity to visit and try your luck at a Casino in Resort World - a world-class five star resort (for tourists from 21 years old upward).
Tourists below 21 years old can freely visit and play in Sentosa.
In the evening, you can enjoy the program “Wings of Time” – which is a completely new and interesting program in Singapore with the combination between fire effects, high pressure water spraying robots, colorful LED system and modern Laze system, creating lively and original 3D effects.
The program is performed on Siloso beach along with firework performances which promise to leave the tourists with unforgettable impression.
Have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : SINGAPORE - HO CHI MINH CITY: (Breakfast)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You freely visit until the time when the coach takes you to Changi International airport to take a flight to return to Vietnam.
Return to Tan Son Nhat Airport and end the tour.
After arriving at Tan Son Nhat airport, the Head of Vietravel's tour will say goodbye and see you again in the next programs.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Malaysia - Singapore (special deal)
Tour code: NNSGN224-014-0903173K-G
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 1
12,490,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 700,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 0
12,490,000 VND 11,790,000 VND Full
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - KUALA LUMPUR: (Snacks at airport and dinner)
Vietravel's Head of the tour will receive you at the appointed gate of Tan Son Nhat airport to make procedure to take a flight to Kuala Lumpur (the flight will transit in Singapore and you will have snacks at the airport).
After arriving in Kuala Lumpur, you will visit jewelry store, National Monument, Thean Hou Temple, Independence Square with the world's highest flagpole; visit and take photos outside Royal Palace and Parliament House.
Afterward, the coach will take you to freely go shopping at Chocolate store, specialty store, watch store and take photos at Petronas Twin Towers.
After having dinner, you will check in and get rest at 3 star hotel.
Day 2 : KUALA LUMPUR - GENTING: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Visit Batu Cave - According to Malaysian people, Batu Cave is the place of gods, so Batu becomes the place for worshiping and the center of festivals.
This is also the most sacred place of Hindu devotees in Malaysia.
43m-high Murugan statue is covered by glittering golden paint and stands in front of the entrance. You can freely go shopping at duty free shops and local specialty stores.
Afterward, the coach will take the tour to Genting Highlands by cable hanger. This is a city in the cloud, with the altitude of about 2000 meters above the sea level and you can try your luck at the most famous casino in the Southeast Asia.
Return to Kuala Lumpur, get rest and enjoy dinner at a local restaurant.
Day 3 : KUALA LUMPUR - MALACCA: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
The tour starts a journey to Malacca, visits gem store and freely buys local specialties.
After lunch, the coach will take the tour to visit new Putrajaya city: Islamic Mosque, Putrajaya Bridge.
The tour continues to visit the ancient city of Malacca.
Once arriving, you will visit Cheng Hoon Temple, Church of St. Paul, Porta de Santiago Ancient Fortress (one of the four main gates of A Famosa Fortress), Stadhuys - where used to be the administration center of Dutch people and now is a historical museum.
After having dinner, the tour will check in and get rest at a three-star hotel.
Day 4 : MALAYSIA - SINGAPORE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
The tour departs to Singapore.
On arrival, the local coach and tour guide take you to have lunch.
Continuing the journey, you will visit Botanic Garden, Orchid Garden - a collection of Singaporean Orchid Garden with more than 1000 natural orchid species and 3000 cross-bred orchid species.
Moreover, many cross-bred species with various colors and durability will be supplemented into the impressive collection, etc.
You will visit a special ecological garden named Bay South Garden, with a "super tree" system of solar energy.
The garden belongs to the Gardens by the Bay project which is the biggest ecological project in Singapore to improve the quality of life and retain the green for the bustling city.
The area of the whole project is 101 ha and is divided into three separate areas, including: Bay South, Bay East and Bay Central (only visit Bay South - ticket for visiting two botanic gardens excluded).
After the dinner, the coach and tour guide will take the tour to check in and get rest at a three-star hotel.
Day 5 : SINGAPORE: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You will visit Jurong Bird Park - The biggest and the most impressive bird park in the Asia Pacific with over 9,000 feather friends of more than 600 species.
The world of birds here is very diverse with many types: yellow cranes, quails, pheasants, storks, heron, pelicans, parrots, starlings, blackbirds swans, etc.
They live on trees, on the ground, in the barns, on the cliffs in the middle of the lake, or swim in swarms relaxedly and freely.
Some species have only one typical colors such as flamingo having pink colors, yellow cranes having yellow colors, swans having pure white colors, blackbirds having green colors and parrots having pure black color.
May other species are the mixture of many harmonious and lively colors such as peacock, quails, parrots, and orioles.
The tour continues to visit diamond factory and green oil shop.
The tour has lunch with Korean BQQ dishes.
In the afternoon, you will visit Sentosa Island - one of the most famous entertainment area in the region.
When arriving at Sentosa, you will visit Sky Tower - with the height of 110m and you can take an overview of the whole Singapore, southern islands and Sentosa.
Then, you will visit S.E.A Aquarium, or "the world's biggest aquarium" - with 45 million liters of water, a giant artificial ocean simulating 49 different habitats and an extremely impressive design. Tourists will be certainly surprised by over 100,000 sea creatures of 800 species and 20,000 types of colorful coral.
After dinner, You will enjoy the program“Wings of Time” – which is a completely new and interesting program in Singapore with the combination between fire effects, high pressure water spraying robots, colorful LED system and modern Laze system, creating lively and original 3D effects.
The program is performed on Siloso beach along with a firework performances which promise to leave the tourists with unforgettable impression.
Return to the hotel to get rest.
Day 6 : SINGAPORE – HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Afterward, you will visit Parliament House of Singapore, Merlion Park, Victoria Theater, Suntec city.
Then, the coach shall take you to the airport to catch the flight to Vietnam.
Arrive in the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the tour ends.
Afterward, the Head of Vietravel's tour will say goodbye and see you again in the next programs.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Malaysia – Singapore
Tour code: NNSGN222-069-090317VN-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
13,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - KUALA LUMPUR (Dinner)
Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick you up at Tan Son Nhat airport to catch a flight to Kuala Lumpur.
After arriving to Kuala Lumpur International Airport, the local tour guide will pick up you to visit National Monument, Thean Hou Temple, Independence Square with the world's highest flagpole; visit and take photos outside Royal Palace and Parliament House.
After having dinner, you will check in and get rest.
Day 2 : KUALA LUMPUR - GENTING : (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Depart to visit Batu Cave - According to Malaysian people, Batu Cave is the place of gods, so Batu becomes the place for worshiping and the center of the festivals.
This is also the most sacred place of Hindu devotees in Malaysia.
43m-high Murugan statue is covered by glittering golden paint and stands in front of the entrance.
You can freely go shopping at jewelry stores, watch stores and local specialty stores.
After lunch, the coach takes you to visit Genting Highlands by cable hangers - the city in the cloud with the altitude of about 2000 meters above the sea level.
Return to Kuala Lumpur. After dinner, get rest at 3 star hotel.
Day 3 : KUALA LUMPUR - MALACCA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
The coach will take you to visit Chocolate store.
Take photo at Petronas Tower and freely shopping at KLCC.
After lunch, the coach take you to visit new Putrajaya City, Islamic Mosque, Putrajaya Bridge.
The tour will depart to Malaca and visit famous seaport Santa De Santiago - one of the big and important seaports of three countries including Malaysia - Singapore - Indonesia. Continue to visit Cheng Hoon Temple and Church of St.Paul, Porta de Santiago, Stadhuys.
After having dinner, the tour will check in and get rest at a three-star hotel.
Day 4 : MALACCA - SINGAPORE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Then, depart to Singapore.
On arrival, visit botanic garden, orchid garden.
Visit a special ecological garden named Bay South Garden with a "super tree" system of solar energy.
The garden belongs to the Gardens by the Bay project which is the biggest ecological project in Singapore to improve the quality of life and retain the green for the bustling city.
The area of the whole project is 101 ha and is divided into three separate areas, including: Bay South, Bay East and Bay Central (expenses for entrance tickets to Flower Dome, Skywalk excluded).
After dinner, check in and get rest at a 3 star hotel.
Day 5 : SINGAPORE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Breakfast will be served at hotel.
You will visit Jurong Bird Park - The biggest and the most impressive bird park in the Asia Pacific with over 9,000 feather friends of more than 600 species; and enjoy the performances of smart and lovely birds.
Continue to visit diamond factory and green oil shop.
Enjoy Korean BBQ dishes.
In the afternoon, the tour will travel to Sentosa Island.
You will visit Sky tower to take the full view of Sentosa Island.
Afterward, you will visit S.E.A Aquarium, or the "biggest Aquarium in the world” with 45 million liters of water, a giant artificial ocean simulating 49 different habitats and an extremely impressive design. Tourists will be certainly surprised by over 100,000 sea creatures of 800 species and 20,000 types of colorful coral.
After having dinner in Sentosa, you can enjoy the program “Wings of Time” – which is a completely new and interesting program in Singapore with the combination between fire effects, high pressure water spraying robots, colorful LED system and modern Laze system, creating lively and original 3D effects.
The program is performed on Siloso beach along with a firework performances which promise to leave the tourists with unforgettable impression.
Enjoy dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 6 : SINGAPORE - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Visit Parliament House, Merlion Park - the symbol of Singapore, the mythical Merlion with the head of a lion and the body of a fish sliding on the waves, Suntec City.
The coach shall take you to the airport to catch a flight to Vietnam.
On arrival at Tan Son Nhat Airport, the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Singapore (1 day Free &amp; Easy)
Tour code: NNSGN191-021-1103173K-G
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 11/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 4
9,490,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 700,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 0
9,490,000 VND 8,790,000 VND Full
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - SINGAPORE: (Dinner)
Head of the tour picks you up at the appointed gate at Tan Son Nhat airport and makes procedures to take a flight to Singapore.
When you arrive at Changi airport, the local coach and tour guide will receive and take the tour to visit Merlion Park.
The journey will cross City Hall, Esplanade Theater, Fountain of Wealth, Suntec City.
Then, you will visit Buddha Tooth Relic Temple which is a big pagoda and plays an important role in the spirit and religion of the local people.
Have dinner at a local restaurant.
The tour checks in and gets rest at 3 star hotel.
Day 2 : SINGAPORE: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You will visit a special ecological garden named Bay South Garden with a "super tree" system of solar energy.
The garden belongs to the Gardens by the Bay project which is the biggest ecological project in Singapore to improve the quality of life and retain the green for the bustling city.
The area of the whole project is 101 ha and is divided into three separate areas, including: Bay South, Bay East and Bay Central (only visit Bay South area and the ticket for visiting gardens in the green house is excluded).
You can also experience the thrilling and interesting feelings when stepping onto OCBC Skyway - a 128m long suspended line connecting the two super trees which are very suitable for walking at any point of time and where you can gaze at the whole garden and the scenery of the gulf city in Marina Bay Area from the height (expense excluded).
Freely go shopping at Diamond Industry, Habour Mart.
Enjoy Korean BBQ dishes.
View the whole beautiful Singapore from Mount Faber.
Visit Marina Dam - Water filtering work locating at the center of this beautiful city.
In the afternoon, the tour will depart to Sentosa Island.
Visit Sky Tower - From the Sky Tower with the height of 110m, you can take an overview of the whole Singapore, southern islands and Sentosa.
You also have an opportunity to visit and try your luck at a Casino in Resort World - a world-class five star resort (for tourists from 21 years old upward).
Tourists below 21 years old can freely visit and play in Sentosa.
In the evening, you can enjoy the program “Wings of Time” – which is a completely new and interesting program in Singapore with the combination between fire effects, high pressure water spraying robots, colorful LED system and modern Laze system, creating lively and original 3D effects.
The program is performed on Siloso beach along with a firework performance which promises to leave the tourists with unforgettable impression.
Have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : SINGAPORE (free day): (Breakfast)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You freely discover Merlion Island Country.
(Expense for tour guide, coach, lunch, dinner and entrance tickets at tourist sites are excluded).
With the suggestion on visiting and understanding typical features of Merlion Island Country as follows:
- China Town: is characterized by dishes or temples imbued with Chinese characteristics.
- Kampong Glam Street of Malaysian people or Little India of Indian people with typical smells of Indian foods.
You can freely visit and go shopping at Orchard city or Bugis city - with famous shopping centers in Singapore shopping paradise.
- Play at Universal: the entertainment park simulates a big filming location in Hollywood.
With an average of about 20 ha, the entertainment area includes modern amusement area, scenes and shapes of popular characters in movies, such as: Jurassic Park, Shrek, Madagascar, mysterious Egypt, etc.
- Duck Tour: With 60 minutes of traveling around the city in a special vehicle which can travel on both land and water, you can view Singapore from two different directions from the land and the water, which is very interesting.
- View Singapore from ferris wheel Singapore Flyer: Its height is equivalent to the height of a 42-floor building.
Standing at the dizzy height of 165m, you will feel the beautiful landscape of Singapore sky: Majestic Marina Bay, skyscrapers, the green of tropical forest and flashing lights on the magic sky.
- Freely discover and enjoy various foods in Singapore such as Singaporean chili crab and frog porridge which are famous in the world.
- Clarke Quay: is a destination for dining and entertainment activities in Singapore. It is a lively picture with colorful buildings.
Here, you can see many antique shops, restaurants, stylish cafes, jazz clubs and more.
When the night falls, the whole area is outstanding with five bright buildings and an array of famous clubs for tourists to freely select.
With multiple choices for international-class gathering and entertaining activity, this is really an ideal place for people across the world.
After the journey to freely discover the beautiful Singapore, you will return to the hotel to get rest.
Day 4 : SINGAPORE - HO CHI MINH CITY: (Breakfast)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You freely visit until the time when the coach takes you to Changi International airport to take a flight to return to Vietnam.
Return to Tan Son Nhat Airport and end the tour.
After arriving at Tan Son Nhat airport, the Head of Vietravel's tour will say goodbye and see you again in the next programs.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel:
Tour program
Singapore (1 day Free &amp; Easy) Jurong Brid Park and S.E.A Aquarium
Tour code: NNSGN190-024-2503173K-G
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 25/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
10,490,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 700,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 3
10,490,000 VND 9,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - SINGAPORE: (Dinner)
Vietravel's tour guide makes an appointment with you at Tran Son Nhat airport and make procedures to take a flight to Singapore.
After arriving at Changi airport, the coach and local tour guide will pick up and take the tour to have lunch. After having lunch, the tour will visit Merlion Park.
The journey will cross City Hall, Esplanade Theater, Fountain of Wealth, Suntec City.
Then, you will visit Buddha Tooth Relic Temple which is a big pagoda and plays an important role in the spirit and religion of the local people.
You will visit a special ecological garden named Bay South Garden with a "super tree" system of solar energy.
The garden belongs to the Gardens by the Bay project which is the biggest ecological project in Singapore to improve the quality of life and retain the green for the bustling city.
The area of the whole project is 101 ha and is divided into three separate areas, including: Bay South, Bay East and Bay Central (only visit Bay South area and the ticket for visiting gardens in the green house is excluded).
You can also experience the thrilling and interesting feelings when stepping onto OCBC Skyway - a 128m long suspended line connecting the two super trees which are very suitable for walking at any point of time and where you can gaze at the whole garden and the scenery of the gulf city in Marina Bay Area from the height (expense excluded).
Have dinner.
The tour checks in and gets rest at 3 star hotel.
Day 2 : SINGAPORE: (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You will visit Jurong Bird Park - The biggest and the most impressive bird park in the Asia Pacific with over 9,000 feather friends of more than 600 species.
Freely go shopping at Diamond Industry, Habour Mart.
Enjoy Korean BBQ dishes.
In the afternoon, the tour will depart to Sentosa Island.
You will visit Maritime Museum, Typhoon Cinema and S.E.A Aquarium - which are proud to be the biggest aquarium in the world.
S.E.A has a collection of many species of rare and valuable fish from the ocean across the world.
In the evening, you can enjoy the program “Wings of Time” – which is a completely new and interesting program in Singapore with the combination between fire effects, high pressure water spraying robots, colorful LED system and modern Laze system, creating lively and original 3D effects.
The program is performed on Siloso beach along with a firework performances which promise to leave the tourists with unforgettable impression.
Have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : SINGAPORE: (Breakfast)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You freely discover Merlion Island Country.
(Expense for tour guide, coach, lunch, dinner and entrance tickets at tourist sites are excluded).
With the suggestion on visiting and understanding typical features of Merlion Island Country as follows:
- China Town: is characterized by dishes or temples imbued with Chinese characteristics.
-Kampong Glam Street of Malaysian people or Little India of Indian people with typical smells of Indian foods.
You can freely visit and go shopping at Orchard city or Bugis city - with famous shopping centers in Singapore shopping paradise.
- Play at Universal: the entertainment park simulates a big filming location in Hollywood.
With an average of about 20 ha, the entertainment area includes modern amusement area, scenes and shapes of popular characters in movies, such as: Jurassic Park, Shrek, Madagascar, mysterious Egypt, etc.
- Duck Tour: With 60 minutes of traveling around the city in a special vehicle which can travel on both land and water, You can view Singapore from two different directions from the land and the water, which is very interesting.
- View Singapore from ferries wheel Singapore Flyer: Its height is equivalent to the height of a 42-floor building.
Standing at the dizzy height of 165m, you will feel the beautiful landscape of Singapore sky: Majestic Marina Bay, skyscrapers, the green of tropical forest and flashing lights on the magic sky.
- Freely discover and enjoy various foods in Singapore such as Singaporean chili crab and frog porridge which are famous in the world.
- Clarke Quay: is a destination for dining and entertainment activities in Singapore. It is a lively picture with colorful buildings.
Here, you can see many antique shops, restaurants, stylish cafes, jazz clubs and more.
When the night falls, the whole area is outstanding with five bright buildings and an array of famous clubs for tourists to freely select.
With multiple choices for international-class gathering and entertaining activity, this is really an ideal place for people across the world.
After the journey to freely discover the beautiful Singapore, you will return to the hotel to get rest.
Day 4 : SINGAPORE - HO CHI MINH CITY: (Breakfast)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
You freely visit until the time when the coach takes you to Changi International airport to take a flight to return to Vietnam.
Return to Tan Son Nhat Airport and end the tour.
After arriving at Tan Son Nhat airport, the Head of Vietravel's tour will say goodbye and see you again in the next programs.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Singapore
At Singapore You can visit the following destinations Singapore.
To know more about Singapore Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Singapore
Tour program
Seoul - Jeju - Seoul - Lotte World - Lotte Aquarium – Nami
Tour code: NNSGN5032-018-110317VJ-U
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 11/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 6
19,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
We've known Korean as a dynamic and modern country through movies of this country.
In the transitional moments of the seasons, "the country of kimchee" is splendid as if it puts on a brilliant shirt captivating man's heart throughout four seasons of spring, summer, autumn and winter.
Let's explore Korea together with Vietravel. Discover Seoul which is magnificient by temples in harmony with sparkling color of trees at defoliation season, Nami or Morning Calm park with romatic and lyric landscape.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – SEOUL - JEJU (Lunch - Dinner)
On night before day 1, Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick up you at Tan Son Nhat Airport and then catch a flight to Seoul - the capital of Korea.
You stay overnight on the plane.
Upon arrival in Korea, visit the Gyeongbok Royal Palace - the primary residence of the Royal Family during the Chosun Dynasty (1392-1910).
This palace has 7225 rooms with magnificent throne, and elegant halls.
Gyeongbok Palace is considered as a famous works of art with the unique and most beautiful architectural style of Seoul.
Visit the National Museum of Traditional Culture - which is the leading museum showcasing folklore of Korea, attracting 3 million visitors annually.
The museum contains more than 98,000 artifacts representing the full details of the main events and festivals of the country, especially the intangible cultural value as well as the daily life activities of Korean people.
Visit the “Blue House” (also known as Cheongwadae) - which is a residence and working place of Korean President.
Have lunch and connect the flight to Jeju Island.
To the Jeju Island - a beautiful island with a peaceful landscape, sunny and windy coast.
The coach and local guide shall welcome and take you to visit Yongduam - a famous beach with Dragon Head Rock as a symbol of Jeju Island, known as the Dragon Head Rock because of being seen from a distance, the rock looks like the head of a dragon flying on blue sky.
Then you will have interesting experiences at Spooky Path - where the cars, despite the shutdown, can still be climbing uphill without any explanation for; visit the Park of Love.
Have dinner and check in, rest at the hotel.
Day 2 : JEJU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, visit the Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak - where welcomes firstly the sunshine in Korea.
From the blue water of the sea, with undulating rosy dawn in the sun, that moment is hard to describe in words.
You visit the Seongeup ethnic village recreating the scenes of lives of ancient people on the island.
Then, you have lunch with grilled meat dishes that are characteristic of Jeju Island in the village.
In the afternoon, the tour continues to Cheonjiyeon Waterfall - the name which means "the place where heaven and earth meet"; according to legend, this is a place where fairies roam.
You will continue to visit the Jusan-jelli Cliffs - formed thousands of years ago from volcanic eruptions and from the hands of nature, the cliffs consist of the overlapping hexagonal shape of the blocks that are extremely unique.
Then, you visit the Yakcheonsa Temple - one of the stately modern temples of Asian Buddhism, beautiful art architecture, which has attracted tourists both at home and at broad.
In the central chamber has 18,000 Buddha gold-plated statues, 500 Arhat wooden statues, a 18 ton bell.
The temple is surrounded by mountains and forests, fragrant grass and fruit trees such as Orange, Tangerine.
After that, enjoy dinner and return to the hotel for rest.
Day 3 : JEJU - SEOUL - LOTTE WORLD PARK - LOTTE AQUARIUM (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, you get on the bus to the airport for the flight back to Seoul.
To Seoul, you shall go sightseeing and shopping in ginseng stores, Korean cosmetic stores.
You are free to visit and play in Lotte World Park - divided into two large areas, indoors and outdoors; this is the park with the world's largest indoor game area.
Not only the largest one, it is also very attractive with many activities and games that are not available everywhere and attract millions of tourists every year.
Lotte World is one of the entertainment complex that attract a lot of tourists in the world.
Especially, during this summer, you have the opportunity to visit the newly opened Lotte Aquarium - the largest and most modern aquarium in Seoul with more than 55,000 sea creatures from 650 species from the ocean such as white precious, clever and glib Beluga whale which is the star of the Lotte Aquarium.
Visit the Dongdaemun market - known for fashion stores.
Have dinner and make check-in procedures at the Seoul hotel.
You get rest and relax at the hotel or explore Seoul on the night.
Day 4 : SEOUL - NAMI - ART PERORMANCE SHOWS (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, get on the coach to visit the Nami Island - located 63 km from the Seoul capital.The island is beautiful and peaceful by the flora with over 200 different types of trees.
The most famous thing are branches of maple leaves along with straight rows of Ginkgo trees that had appeared in the drama "Winter Sonata".
Then you are free to visit and shop at Korea Garden and the red pine oil store.
In the afternoon, enjoy the unique art performances including Nanta show or Drum Cat show.
Enjoy dinner and get rest at the hotel or go for a walk around Seoul.
Day 5 : SEOUL – HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
The coach shall take you to the airport for a flight back to Vietnam.
Upon arrival at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the tour ends.
Vietravel's staff says goodbye.See all 
programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Seoul - Jeju - Seoul - Everland – Nami
Tour code: NNSGN5102-003-140317VN-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 14/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 8
22,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - SEOUL (Stay overnight on the plane)
Vietravel's coach and staff shall pick you up at the Tan Son Nhat Airport and make the procedures for a flight to Seoul - the capital of Korea.
(Overnight on board)
Day 2 : SEOUL - JEJU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Upon arrival in Korea, visit the Gyeongbok Royal Palace - the primary residence of the Royal Family during the Chosun Dynasty (1392-1910).
This palace has 7225 rooms with magnificent throne, and elegant halls.
Gyeongbok Palace is considered as a famous works of art with the unique and most beautiful architectural style of Seoul.
Visit the National Museum of Traditional Culture - which is the leading museum showcasing folklore of Korea, attracting 3 million visitors annually.
The museum contains more than 98,000 artifacts representing the full details of the main events and festivals of the country, especially the intangible cultural value as well as the daily life activities of Korean people.
Visit the “Blue House” (also known as Cheongwadae) - which is a residence and working place of Korean President.
Have lunch and connect the flight to Jeju island.
To the Jeju Island - a beautiful island with a peaceful landscape, sunny and windy coast.
The coach and local guide shall welcome and take you to visit Yongduam - a famous beach with Dragon Head Rock as a symbol of Jeju Island, known as the Dragon Head Rock because of being seen from a distance, the rock looks like the head of a dragon flying on blue sky.
Then, you will have interesting experiences at Spooky Path - where the cars, despite the shutdown, can still be climbing uphill without any explanation for; visit the Park of Love.
Next, enjoy dinner and check in, rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : JEJU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, visit the Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak - where welcomes firstly the sunshine in Korea.
From the blue water of the sea, with undulating rosy dawn in the sun, that moment is hard to describe in words.
You visit the Seongeup ethnic village recreating the scenes of lives of ancient people on the island.
Then, eat lunch with grilled meat dishes that are characteristic of Jeju Island in the village.
In the afternoon, the tour continues to Cheonjiyeon Waterfall - the name which means "the place where heaven and earth meet"; according to legend, this is a place where fairies roam.
You will continue to visit the Jusan-jelli Cliffs - formed thousands of years ago from volcanic eruptions and from the hands of nature, the cliffs consist of the overlapping hexagonal shape of the blocks that are extremely unique.
Then, you visit the Yakcheonsa Temple - one of the stately modern temples of Asian Buddhism, beautiful art architecture, which has attracted tourists both at home and at broad.
In the central chamber has 18,000 Buddha gold-trimmed statues, 500 Arhat wooden statues, a 18 ton bell.
The temple is surrounded by mountains and forests, fragrant grass and fruit trees such as Orange, Tangerine.
After that, enjoy dinner and return to the hotel for rest.
Day 4 : JEJU - SEOUL - EVERLAND PARK (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, you get on the coach to the airport for the flight back to Seoul.
To Seoul, you shall go sightseeing and shopping in ginseng stores, Korean cosmetic stores.
Then, the coach and tour guide take you to visit Everland Park - the first and largest themed park in Korea and being ranked No. 5 in the top 10 amusement parks attracting the world's travelers.
The park is divided into five topic areas including: "Global Fair", "American Adventure", "Magic land", "European adventure" and "Zoo topia".
Each topic area will give you different impressions, visit Dongdaemun market - known for fashion stores.
Have dinner and make check-in procedures at the Seoul hotel.
Get rest and relax at the hotel or explore Seoul on the night.
Day 5 : SEOUL - NAMI - ART PERORMANCE SHOWS (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You get on the coach to visit the Nami Island - located 63 km from the Seoul capital.The island is beautiful and peaceful by the flora with over 200 different types of trees.
The most famous thing are branches of maple leaves along with straight rows of Ginkgo trees that had appeared in the drama "Winter Sonata".
Then you are free to visit and shop at Korea Garden and the red pine oil stores.
In the afternoon, enjoy the unique art performances including Nanta show or Drum Cat show.
Have dinner and get rest at the hotel or go for a walk around Seoul.
Day 6 : SEOUL – HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
The coach shall take you to the airport for a flight back to Vietnam.
Upon arrival at the Tan Son Nhat airport.
End the tour.
Vietravel's staff says goodbye to you.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Seoul - Jeju - Seoul - Lotte World – Nami
Tour code: NNSGN5062-002-240317VN-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 24/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
22,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – SEOUL - JEJU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick up you at Tan Son Nhat Airport and then catch a flight to Seoul - the capital of Korea.
Overnight on board.
Day 2 : SEOUL - JEJU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Upon arrival in Korea, visit the Gyeongbok Royal Palace - the primary residence of the Royal Family during the Chosun Dynasty (1392-1910).
This palace has 7225 rooms with magnificent throne, and elegant halls.
Gyeongbok Palace is considered as a famous works of art with the unique and most beautiful architectural style of Seoul.
Visit the National Museum of Traditional Culture - which is the leading museum showcasing folklore of Korea, attracting 3 million visitors annually.
The museum contains more than 98,000 artifacts representing the full details of the main events and festivals of the country, especially the intangible cultural value as well as the daily life activities of Korean people.
Visit the “Blue House” (also known as Cheongwadae) - which is a residence and working place of Korean President.
Eat lunch and connect a flight to Jeju island.
To the Jeju Island - a beautiful island with a peaceful landscape, sunny and windy coast.
The coach and local guide shall welcome and take you to visit Yongduam - a famous beach with Dragon Head Rock as a symbol of Jeju Island, known as the Dragon Head Rock because of being seen from a distance, the rock looks like the head of a dragon flying on blue sky.
Then you will have interesting experiences at Spooky Path - where the cars, despite the shutdown, can still be climbing uphill without any explanation for; visit the Park of Love.
Enjoy dinner and check in, rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : JEJU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, visit the Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak - where welcomes firstly the sunshine in Korea.
From the blue water of the sea, with undulating rosy dawn in the sun, that moment is hard to describe in words.
Then, continue to the Seongeup ethnic village recreating the scenes of lives of ancient people on the island.
Next, have lunch with grilled meat dishes that are characteristic of Jeju Island in the village.
In the afternoon, the tour continues to Cheonjiyeon Waterfall - the name which means "the place where heaven and earth meet"; according to legend, this is a place where fairies roam.
You will continue to visit the Jusan-jelli Cliffs - formed thousands of years ago from volcanic eruptions and from the hands of nature, the cliffs consist of the overlapping hexagonal shape of the blocks that are extremely unique.
Then, you visit the Yakcheonsa Temple - one of the stately modern temples of Asian Buddhism, beautiful art architecture, which has attracted tourists both at home and at broad.
In the central chamber has 18,000 Buddha gold-trimmed statues, 500 Arhat wooden statues, a 18 ton bell.
The temple is surrounded by mountains and forests, fragrant grass and fruit trees such as Orange, Tangerine.
After that, have dinner and return to the hotel for rest.
Day 4 : JEJU - SEOUL - LOTTE WORLD PARK (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, get on the coach to the airport for the flight back to Seoul.
Upon arrival in Seoul, go sightseeing and shopping in ginseng stores, Korean cosmetic stores.
Then, eat breakfast at the hotel.
You are free to visit and play in Lotte World Park - divided into two large areas, indoors and outdoors; this is the park with the world's largest indoor game area.
Not only the largest one, it is also very attractive with many activities and games that are not available everywhere and attract millions of tourists every year.
Lotte World is one of the entertainment complex that attract a lot of tourists in the world.
Visit the Dongdaemun market - known for fashion stores.
Enjoy dinner and make check-in procedures at the Seoul hotel.
Next, get rest and relax at the hotel or explore Seoul on the night.
Day 5 : SEOUL - NAMI - ART PERORMANCE SHOWS (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, take a coach to visit the Nami Island - located 63 km from the Seoul capital.The island is beautiful and peaceful by the flora with over 200 different types of trees.
The most famous thing are branches of maple leaves along with straight rows of Ginkgo trees that had appeared in the drama "Winter Sonata".
Then you are free to visit and shop at Korea Garden and the red pine oil store.
In the afternoon, enjoy the unique art performances including Nanta show or Drum Cat show.
Have dinner and get rest at the hotel or go for a walk around Seoul.
Day 6 : SEOUL – HO CH MINH CITY (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, you will experience the culinary culture and traditions with the Kimchi making class - a typical dish of the "Land of Kimchi" and wearing the Hanbok sets - traditional Korean clothes.
You are free to go shopping at duty-free shops, Korea Gardena and red pine oil stores.
You are free to go shopping at Cheng-ha supermarket and then the coach takes you to the airport for a flight to Vietnam under the schedule.
Upon arrival at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Seoul - Jeju - Seoul - Everland – Nami
Tour code: NNSGN5002-006-280317OZ-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 28/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 4
24,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
We've known Korean as a dynamic and modern country through movies of this country.
In the transitional moments of the seasons, "the country of kimchee" is splendid as if it puts on a brilliant shirt captivating man's heart throughout four seasons of spring, summer, autumn and winter.
Let's explore Korea together with Vietravel. Discover Seoul which is magnificient by temples in harmony with sparkling color of trees at defoliation season, Nami or Morning Calm park with romatic and lyric landscape.
Tourists can freely play in famous parks such as Everland, Lotte World known for amusement complexes, flower gardens and outdoor zoos.
Tourists can enjoy artistic performances like Drum Nanta Show Cat Show, eventful K Pop show of talented artists.
Tourists have opportunities to make famous kimchee with their own hands.
Searching for historical memories in ancient cities of Gyeongju, Suwon or visiting Heritage Jeju isle, contemplating cherry, lavender blooming are unique experiences in the journey of discovering Korea with Vietravel.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH – SEOUL (Dinner)
Vietravel's tour guide shall pick you up at Tan Son Nhat airport for a flight to Seoul - a modern city and the capital of South Korea stretching on the two banks of the gentle, quiet Han River.
Upon arrival at the Incheon airport, the coach and local guide shall welcome and take you to the (3*) hotel for check in and rest at the hotel.
Day 2 : SEOUL - JEJU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Upon arrival in Korea, you will visit the Gyeongbok Royal Palace - the primary residence of the Royal Family during the Chosun Dynasty (1392-1910).
This palace has 7225 rooms with magnificent throne, and elegant halls.
Gyeongbok Palace is considered as a famous works of art with the unique and most beautiful architectural style of Seoul.
Visit the National Museum of Traditional Culture - which is the leading museum showcasing folklore of Korea, attracting 3 million visitors annually.
The museum contains more than 98,000 artifacts representing the full details of the main events and festivals of the country, especially the intangible cultural value as well as the daily life activities of Korean people.
Visit the “Blue House” (also known as Cheongwadae) - which is a residence and working place of Korean President.
Have lunch and connect the flight to Jeju island.
To the Jeju Island - a beautiful island with a peaceful landscape, sunny and windy coast.
The coach and local guide shall welcome and take you to visit Yongduam - a famous beach with Dragon Head Rock as a symbol of Jeju Island, known as the Dragon Head Rock because of being seen from a distance, the rock looks like the head of a dragon flying on blue sky.
Then, you will have interesting experiences at Spooky Path - where the cars, despite the shutdown, can still be climbing uphill without any explanation for; visit the Park of Love.
Have dinner and check in, rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : JEJU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, visit the Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak - where welcomes firstly the sunshine in Korea.
From the blue water of the sea, with undulating rosy dawn in the sun, that moment is hard to describe in words.
You visit the Seongeup ethnic village recreating the scenes of lives of ancient people on the island.
Then, have lunch with grilled meat dishes that are characteristic of Jeju Island in the village.
In the afternoon, the tour continues to Cheonjiyeon Waterfall - the name which means "the place where heaven and earth meet"; according to legend, this is a place where fairies roam.
Next, continue to the Jusan-jelli Cliffs - formed thousands of years ago from volcanic eruptions and from the hands of nature, the cliffs consist of the overlapping hexagonal shape of the blocks that are extremely unique.
Then, visit the Yakcheonsa Temple - one of the stately modern temples of Asian Buddhism, beautiful art architecture, which has attracted tourists both at home and at broad.
In the central chamber has 18,000 Buddha gold-plated statues, 500 Arhat wooden statues, a 18 ton bell.
The temple is surrounded by mountains and forests, fragrant grass and fruit trees such as Orange, Tangerine.
After that, eat dinner and return to the hotel for rest.
Day 4 : JEJU - SEOUL - EVERLAND PARK (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, take a coach to the airport for a flight back to Seoul.
Upon arrival Seoul, go sightseeing and shopping in ginseng stores, Korean cosmetic stores.
Then, the coach and tour guide take you to visit Everland Park - the first and largest themed park in Korea and being ranked No.5 in the top 10 amusement parks attracting the world's travelers.
The park is divided into five topic areas including: "Global Fair", "American Adventure", "Magic land", "European adventure" and "Zoo topia".
Each topic area will give you different impressions, visit Dongdaemun market - known for fashion stores.
Enjoy dinner and make check-in procedures at the Seoul hotel.
Get rest and relax at the hotel or explore Seoul on the night.
Day 5 : SEOUL - NAMI - ART PERORMANCE SHOWS (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel, then get on the coach to visit the Nami Island - located 63 km from the Seoul capital.The island is beautiful and peaceful by the flora with over 200 different types of trees.
The most famous thing are branches of maple leaves along with straight rows of Ginkgo trees that had appeared in the drama "Winter Sonata".
Then you are free to visit and shop at Korea Garden and the red pine oil store.
In the afternoon, you will enjoy the unique art performances including Nanta show or Drum Cat show.
Eat dinner and get rest at the hotel or go for a walk around Seoul.
Day 6 : SEOUL - EXPERIENCE OF KOREAN CULTURE AND TRADITIONS - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
After breakfast at the hotel, you will experience the culinary culture and traditions with the Kimchi making class - a typical dish of the "Land of Kimchi" and wearing the Hanbok sets - traditional Korean clothes.
Be free for shopping at duty-free shops and then the coach takes you to the airport for flight to Vietnam under the schedule.
Upon arrival at the Tan Son Nhat airport, the tour ends.
Vietravel's staff says goodbye.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Korea
At Korea You can visit the following destinations Busan, Everland, Gyeongju, Korea, Jeju Island, Lotte World Park, Namiseom , Seoraksan, Lotte World Park, Seoul, Sokcho, Suwon, Tiger World,To know more about Korea Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Hàn Quốc
Tour program
France - Monaco - Spain – Portugal
Tour code: NNSGN810-002-260417EK-P
Duration: 11 days
Departure: 26/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
96,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
The journey takes tourist to discover Mediterranean coastal countries including France - Spain - Portugal with big cities such as Nice with beautiful stretching beaches, Monaco with luxurious yachts.
Tourists will have opportunities to visit Barcelona bustling with Samba ... The journey also takes tourists to experience purple lavender flower season with fragrant and unforgettable scent.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH – NICE
The coach shall pick you up at the meeting point in the city.
Go to airport to catch a flight to the city of Nice located south of France.
Overnight on board.
The transit flight is in Dubai.
Day 2 : NICE – GRASSE – NICE (Dinner)
Upon arrival in Dubai, you shall catch a flight to Nice - located at the southern coast of France, in the province of Provence - Alpes - Code d'Azur.
Here, you visit the Frangonard Perfumery perfume factory - a famous brand with premium fragrances and aromas.
You will be visiting a museum with the theme of the 3000 year history of perfume industry, watch the bottles used to keep things gold-like expensive solutions, in which has a number of bottles from the ancient Egypt and China time.
Then, you will enjoy the famous panoramic stretches of sandy beach of France and luxurious cruises mooring in the harbor along the walking street “Promenade des Anglais”.
After dinner at a local restaurant, check in and get rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : NICE - MONACO – NICE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, the tour guide shall take you to the beautiful Monaco, taking photos outside the Cathedral and the Rose Garden of Princess Grace.
You have meal at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, visit the City of Cannes linking to the world famous Cannes Film Festival.
In the evening, come back to Nice for dinner.
Rest at the hotel.
Day 4 : NICE - GORDES – AVIGNON (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast and check out
Then, depart to the City of Avignon - City of the Popes.
Here, visit the roads, the ancient Gothic architectures, the Palais des Papes Palace - a UNESCO world heritage site.
Have dinner at a local restaurant and get a hotel room to rest.
Day 5 : AVIGNON – BARCELONA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast and check out.
You visit the famous Pont du Gard - the bridge was built of stone across the Gardon river including 3 floors with a length of 275m and a maximum height of 49m.
This is the highest aqueduct among similar works in Roman times.
After lunch at a local restaurant, you continue the journey to the city of Barcelona - the famous port city of Spain.
On arrival, have dinner and check in hotel and rest.
Day 6 : BARCELONA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, the coach and tour guide take you begin the journey to explore the city of Barcelona: visit the Spanish Village - an outdoor museum located on the Monjuit Hill with Spanish architecture houses which are built to simulate a very unique small village; visit the Camp Nou Museum and Stadium of Barcelona football club.
Continue to visit the Sagrada Familia Cathedral - World Cultural Heritage designed by the genius architect Gaudi with very unique and new styles.
Enjoy dinner at a local restaurant and stay overnight at the hotel.
Day 7 : BARCELONA – MADRID (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Eat breakfast and check out.
Then, take a ferry to the city of Madrid - Spain's capital city.
On arrival, the coach and tour guide take you to have lunch.
After lunch, you visit the city of Madrid: Royal Palace - the largest and most impressive palace in Europe; Spain Square - the central square of the city with the monument of Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra writer, the author of Don Quixote masterpiece, Retiro Park - a witness of the history of the reign of the Spanish monarchy, the most famous park and one of the symbols of Madrid capital.
Enjoy dinner at a local restaurant and rest in the hotel in Madrid.
Day 8 : MADRID – LISBON (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast and check out.
Continue to visit the city of Madrid: Prado Museum, Gate of the Sun.
After lunch, go to the airport to catch the flight to Lisbon - the Capital of Portugal.
To Lisbon, you shall enjoy dinner at a local restaurant and then free at leisure.
Day 9 : LISBON – CABO DA ROCA – LISBON (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
Then, depart to visit the SE Cathedral - the most important religious architecture in the Portugal and visit the Pena Palace - built on a hilltop in Sintra in the middle of vast green, be one of the main symbols of romanticism of the nineteenth century in Portugal, watch the Cabo Da Roca Lighthouse located on the westernmost strip of Portugal; After lunch, continue to visit the Belem Tower, Jeronimos Monastery, Royal Coach Museum - museum of antique cars.
Back to Lisbon, dine at a restaurant and relax at the hotel.
Day 10 : LISBON - FATIMA – LISBON (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast at the hotel.
After check out, go along the Cascais Bay to Fátima City - the religious capital of Portugal.
Here, you will visit the Valihnos Monument, Sanctuary of Our Lady, visit the Francisco and Jacinta's House, the Chapel where the Virgin appeared.
After dinner, check in and get rest at the hotel.
Day 11 : LISBON - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
Have breakfast and check out, you are free to the gathering time to go to the airport for a flight to Vietnam.
The transit flight is in Dubai.
Day 12 : HO CHI MINH CITY
Arrive at Tan Son Nhat airport, Vietravel's coach shall pick up and take you to the meeting point in the city.
End the tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 11 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
France - Italia (Paris- Venice-Milan- Pisa- Rome)
Tour code: NNSGN8151-002-270417TK-G
Duration: 8 days
Departure: 27/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
64,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – PARIS
Vietravel's bus and tour guide pick you up at 190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC) and depart from Tan Son Nhat airport to Paris - the capital of France.
(Transit flight is specified by airlines)
Day 2 : PARIS (Dinner)
On arrival in Paris - the fashion capital of the world.
The coach and local guide shall take you for lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, visit the Eiffel Tower - up to 2nd floor of the Eiffel Tower to view the city; Notre Dame - famous for the classic work "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" by Victor Hugo; take a cruise on poetic Seine River; visit the Concorde Square. Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Élysées Boulevard.
Check in.
Have dinner.
Visit the Paris at night.
Day 3 : PARIS (Three meals)
Eat breakfast at the hotel.
You take the coach to the suburbs of Paris, visiting the ancient Castle of Versailles which is a UNESCO world cultural heritage.
You have lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, visit the Louvre Museum - where displays masterpieces of world famous painters.
In the evening, you are free at leisure.
Day 4 : PARIS- VENICE- FLORENCE (Three meals)
Have breakfast and check out.
Then, go to the airport for a flight to Venice - a floating city.
Then, visit the Square and the Church of St.Marco, Murano Glass Factory, take photos at the Doge's Palace, go canoe - a characteristic mean of transportation in Venice Island (costs shall be paid by tourists, about 100Eu for 1 boat/4 people).
In the afternoon, you move to the city of Florence, get a hotel room to rest.
Day 5 : FLORENCE- PISA- ROME (Three meals)
After lunch, you take a city tour of Florence: take photos outside Duomo Church, Michelangelo Square, Ponte Veccio love bridge.
Continue to Pisa with: Leaning Tower of Pisa - one of the wonders of the world (if you wish to visit the inside of the tower, entrance fee is excluded in the tour) free to shop for souvenirs.
In the afternoon, depart to the city of Rome - the capital of the Kingdom of Italy.
Have dinner and check in.
Day 6 : ROME (Three meals)
Eat breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit: Vatican Museum - one of the largest museums in the world.
The great architectural building is an valuable treasure of Rome and Vatican; Sistine Chapel - that is also the meeting place of the Cardinals for election of a new Pope, and is the venue for the summit meetings between the Pope and the heads of state.
But above all, this is a place to keep the two paintings, "Morning Century" and "The Last Judgment" by Michelangelo painted on the ceiling and on the wall; St.Peter's Basilica - the most sacred place in the Vatican, attracting many believers and visitors from around the world.
Located on the burial place of St.Peter, this world greatest and most magnificent basilica has a dome of 136 meters high designed by Michelangelo, containing hundreds of priceless works of art; visit outside the Castel Sant'Angelo.
After dinner, go to the hotel for rest.
Day 7 : ROME – HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast, Lunch)
Have breakfast and check out.
Then, you take a city tour of Rome: take photos outside the Colosseum, the Roman Citadel ruins, Vitto Emmanuel II Monument.
Buy souvenirs and then go to the airport for a flight to Vietnam.
(Transit flight is specified by airlines)
Day 8 : HO CHI MINH CITY
At the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the Vietravel's bus shall take you to the Vietravel's Office - 190 Pasteur, District 3.
End the tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 8 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
France - Germany - Switzerland – Italy
Tour code: NNSGN8142-003-090517VN-U
Duration: 12 days
Departure: 09/05/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
76,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – PARIS
Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick you up at 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, and depart to Tan Son Nhat airport to catch a flight to Paris - the capital of France.
(Transit flight is specified by airlines)
Day 2 : PARIS (Dinner)
To Paris - the capital of France,t coach and local tour guide shall welcome and take you visit the city
Have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : PARIS (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You visit the Paris on a full day. The Louvre Museum, the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Élysées Boulevard.
You have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 4 : PARIS - STRASBOURG - TITISEE- ZURICH (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, depart to the city of Strasbourg - the city of Christmas festivities located at the border of France - Germany by ship.
To Strasbourg, you take a coach to Titisee - located in southwest of Germany in the heart of Black Forest, a famous place for Cuckoo clock stores.
In the afternoon, before the visit to the city of Zurich, you go to Schaffhausen - a city located in Switzerland, bordering with Germany to admire the majestic beauty of the Rhine Falls waterfall - the largest waterfall in Europe, then continue to the city of Zurich, take photos outside the Frauenkirche Church and the Old Town.
Then, have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 5 : ZURICH – TITLIS- LUCERN (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit the Titlis Mountain by cable to admire the majestic beauty covered by the snow of the Alps.
In the afternoon, back to Lucerne for a city tour: The Lion Monument - a memorial sculpture of more than 800 Swiss soldiers who sacrificed themselves to protect King Louis XVI of France during the Revolution in 1789.
Visit the Chapel Bridge, from here you can see the Jesuit Church.
You are free for shopping and free at leisure.
Day 6 : LUCERN – MILAN- VENICE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, make the procedures of check out.
On the way to Venice, take a stop in Milan City - the fashion capital of the world.
Visit and take photos outside the Sforza Castle, Duomo Church, La Scala Opera House, Galleria Vittorio Emanuele.
Then, continue to go to Venice and check in the hotel there.
Day 7 : VENICE - PISA (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, begin the journey by visiting the Venice Island to admire the city floating on the sea: Square and the Church of St.Marco, Murano Glass Factory, take photos at the Doge's Palace, go canoe - a characteristic mean of transportation in Venice Island (costs shall be be paid by tourists, about 100Eu for 1 boat/4 people ).
In the afternoon, move to the city of Pisa, check in and get rest.
Day 8 : PISA - ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast and check out.
On the way, stop to visit the Leaning Tower of Pisa - a UNESCO world heritage site.
In the afternoon, go to the Rome and check in there.
Day 9 : ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit the Vatican Museum - one of the largest museums in the world.
This great architectural work is a valuable asset of Rome and the Vatican.
It exhibits many precious works of art from the large collections created by Roman Catholic church over the centuries.
In the museum, the most famous structure is the Sistine Chapel - that is also the meeting place of the Cardinals for election of a new Pope, and is the venue for the summit meetings between the Pope and the heads of state.
But above all, this is a place to keep the two paintings, "Morning Century" and "The Last Judgment" by Michelangelo painted on the ceiling and on the wall.
You visit St.Peter's Basilica - the most sacred place in the Vatican, attracting many believers and visitors from around the world.
Located on the burial place of St.Peter, the world greatest and most magnificent cathedral has a dome of 136 meters high designed by Michelangelo, containing hundreds of priceless works of art.
Have dinner and check in.
Day 10 : ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast.
Then, visit and take photos outside the Colosseum, Roman Forum, Trevi Fountain.ét/Free for shopping in the city.
Have dinner and return to hotel to rest.
Day 11 : ROME - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
After breakfast, go to the airport to catch a flight to Vietnam (Transit flight is specified by airlines).
Day 12 : HO CHI MINH CITY
At the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the coach shall take you to the Vietravel's Office (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC), the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 5 và Tour du lịch 12 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
France - Germany - Switzerland – Italy
Tour code: NNSGN8142-003-090517VN-U
Duration: 12 days
Departure: 09/05/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
76,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – PARIS
Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick you up at 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, and depart to Tan Son Nhat airport to catch a flight to Paris - the capital of France.
(Transit flight is specified by airlines)
Day 2 : PARIS (Dinner)
To Paris - the capital of France,t coach and local tour guide shall welcome and take you visit the city
Have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : PARIS (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You visit the Paris on a full day. The Louvre Museum, the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Élysées Boulevard.
You have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 4 : PARIS - STRASBOURG - TITISEE- ZURICH (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, depart to the city of Strasbourg - the city of Christmas festivities located at the border of France - Germany by ship.
To Strasbourg, you take a coach to Titisee - located in southwest of Germany in the heart of Black Forest, a famous place for Cuckoo clock stores.
In the afternoon, before the visit to the city of Zurich, you go to Schaffhausen - a city located in Switzerland, bordering with Germany to admire the majestic beauty of the Rhine Falls waterfall - the largest waterfall in Europe, then continue to the city of Zurich, take photos outside the Frauenkirche Church and the Old Town.
Then, have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 5 : ZURICH – TITLIS- LUCERN (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit the Titlis Mountain by cable to admire the majestic beauty covered by the snow of the Alps.
In the afternoon, back to Lucerne for a city tour: The Lion Monument - a memorial sculpture of more than 800 Swiss soldiers who sacrificed themselves to protect King Louis XVI of France during the Revolution in 1789.
Visit the Chapel Bridge, from here you can see the Jesuit Church.
You are free for shopping and free at leisure.
Day 6 : LUCERN – MILAN- VENICE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, make the procedures of check out.
On the way to Venice, take a stop in Milan City - the fashion capital of the world.
Visit and take photos outside the Sforza Castle, Duomo Church, La Scala Opera House, Galleria Vittorio Emanuele.
Then, continue to go to Venice and check in the hotel there.
Day 7 : VENICE - PISA (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, begin the journey by visiting the Venice Island to admire the city floating on the sea: Square and the Church of St.Marco, Murano Glass Factory, take photos at the Doge's Palace, go canoe - a characteristic mean of transportation in Venice Island (costs shall be be paid by tourists, about 100Eu for 1 boat/4 people ).
In the afternoon, move to the city of Pisa, check in and get rest.
Day 8 : PISA - ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast and check out.
Then, go to the ancient city of Rome. On the way, stop to visit the Leaning Tower of Pisa - a UNESCO world heritage site.
In the afternoon, go to the Rome and check in there.
Day 9 : ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit the Vatican Museum - one of the largest museums in the world.
This great architectural work is a valuable asset of Rome and the Vatican.
It exhibits many precious works of art from the large collections created by Roman Catholic church over the centuries.
In the museum, the most famous structure is the Sistine Chapel - that is also the meeting place of the Cardinals for election of a new Pope, and is the venue for the summit meetings between the Pope and the heads of state.
But above all, this is a place to keep the two paintings, "Morning Century" and "The Last Judgment" by Michelangelo painted on the ceiling and on the wall.
You visit St.Peter's Basilica - the most sacred place in the Vatican, attracting many believers and visitors from around the world.
Located on the burial place of St.Peter, the world greatest and most magnificent cathedral has a dome of 136 meters high designed by Michelangelo, containing hundreds of priceless works of art.
Have dinner and check in.
Day 10 : ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast.
Then, visit and take photos outside the Colosseum, Roman Forum, Trevi Fountain.ét/Free for shopping in the city.
Have dinner and return to hotel to rest.
Day 11 : ROME - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
After breakfast, go to the airport to catch a flight to Vietnam (Transit flight is specified by airlines).
Day 12 : HO CHI MINH CITY
At the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the coach shall take you to the Vietravel's Office (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC), the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 5 và Tour du lịch 12 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination France
At France You can visit the following destinations Avignon, Gordes, Marseilles, Monte carlo, Nice, Nimes, Paris, France, reims, Strabourg, Valensole, Versailles.
To know more about France Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Pháp
List tours of Highlands Vietnam
Currently, there is no tour opening to Highlands Vietnam.
Please, choose a new destination or come back later.
Destination Highlands Vietnam
At Highlands Vietnam You can visit the following destinations
To know more about Highlands Vietnam Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Tây Nguyên
List tours of Thai Nguyen
Currently, there is no tour opening to Thai Nguyen.
Please, choose a new destination or come back later.
Destination Thai Nguyen
At Thai Nguyen You can visit the following destinations.
To know more about Thai Nguyen Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Thái Nguyên
Tour program
Hue - La Vang - Phong Nha cave &amp; Thien Duong cave - Ba Na - Hoi An - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN301-020-040317VJ-P
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 3
6,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 400,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 0
6,990,000 VND 6,590,000 VND Full
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - HUE Meals included: 2 meals (lunch, dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
Vietravel's tour guide shall support you in procedures to catch a flight to Hue.
At the Phu Bai Airport - Hue, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick you up to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Have dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 2 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have lunch.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
Day 3 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG - LANG CO - DA NANG Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch in Hue.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co - one of the most beautiful bays in the world before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Have dinner.
In the evening, freely visit the Asian Park (expenses excluded): a leading amusement park in Southeast Asia of world-class standard, you are free to experience "the Sun Wheel" - an impressive height of 115m, currently under the top 10 world's highest wheels, admire sightseeing of Da Nang from many different heights, a architectural structure in combination with contemporary features and cross-culture between Vietnam and other Asian countries, designed by the skilful architect Bill Bensley - one of five leading designers in the world in the tourism industry.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 4 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 5 : DA NANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March annually, the tour does not the program of sea swimming because of cold weather).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out.
Have lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Next, take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - La Vang - Phong Nha cave - Hue - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN332-007-040317VN-U
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
5,590,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 400,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 1
5,590,000 VND 5,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them, take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, you shall take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet.
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Enjoy dinner.
Back to Da Nang.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 2 : DA NANG – BA NA – HUE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world.
Eat lunch.
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world. On arrival in Hue, check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free at leisure or explore Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 3 : HUE - LA VANG - PHONG NHA CAVE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land - An important shrine of Vietnamese Catholics in Quang Tri, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
(In case you do not visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery, please wait for 15 minutes).
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Cung Dinh Cave, etc.
Then, depart to Hue at little late, about 08:00 pm.
Enjoy dinner in Quang Tri.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(Note: In case, you do not visit the Phong Nha Cave, but freely visit and explore Hue on a whole day and self support lunch and dinner, please inform at the time of registration: refund of VND 350,000)
Day 4 : HUE - DA NANG -HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Then, take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings. After that, free at leisure until check out.
Have lunch.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Then, take a coach to go through the Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang.
Next, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - Lang Co - Hue - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN463-010-050317VJ-E
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 05/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
3,790,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – DA NANG – HOI AN (Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel Counter, Column 4 at the Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
At Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, admire the Tien Sa Port, visit the Linh Ung Bai But Pagoda - the largest pagoda in Da Nang - with a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra Island in a perfect way. Have lunch. Check in and free at leisure. In the afternoon, the coach takes you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments… then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing, etc.
Have dinner.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 2 : DA NANG – LANG CO – HUE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world.
On arrival in Hue
You then return to DaNang to rest.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you can be free at leisure at the hotel, or admire the beauty of Da Nang at night, watch the bridges - symbols for nonstop development of Da Nang City such as: Dragon Bridge, Han River Bridge, Tran Thi Ly Bridge, Commercial Center, Food Street, Cafe - Bar - Disco – Disco, etc.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 3 : DA NANG – HO CHI MINH (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You are free to explore Da Nang, relax at the hotel or the coach take you to visit Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the “Da Lat in the Central”, then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded) visit: Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Gardenetc.
Next, visit a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Naand visit Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands, visit theBell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: with strange adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition area of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world, etc.
Have lunch at Ba Na at your own expense.
Freely to sightsee until the departure time.
The coach takes you to the Da Nang Airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Ha Noi - Ninh Binh - Ha Long - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An
Tour code: NDSGN161-007-110317-U
Duration: 9 days
Departure: 11/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
16,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 800,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
16,990,000 VND 16,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
The North Central route, tourists will have the opportunity to discover a land of Central heritage with many beautiful landscapes in Hoi An, Da Nang, Hue, Quang Binh and the North areas which are equally charming with spectacular landscapes in Ninh Binh, Ha Long.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (Lunch, dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04 or 10 (depending on the airline). Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Return to Ha Noi and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 2 : HA NOI - HA LONG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast, check out and depart to Ha Long.
Upon arrival at the Ha Long Bay, check in and get rest.
In the afternoon, you will go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Ha Long Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the evening, you will visit the Sun World Ha Long Park (expense excluded).
Overnight in Ha Long.
Day 3 : HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Take a coach to visit Bai Chay Bridge, then take photos at the Quang Ninh Museum.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
Upon arrival in Ha Noi, check in and get rest.
Day 4 : HA NOI - HUE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Have breakfast.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
In the afternoon, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Hue.
Overnight in Hue.
Day 5 : HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel. visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in a 4 star hotel in Hue.
Day 6 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have breakfast.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length which was discovered and put into operation in tourism in 2010.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh
Day 7 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co before going through Hai Van to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you shall take a car to experience the "Sun Wheel" at the Asian Park (expenses excluded) - belonging an architectural structure in combination between contemporary and ancient features, acculturation between Vietnam and other Asian countries designed by the skillful architect Bill Bensley.
Here, you can admire the Da Nang's sightseeing with a new perspective that has never been explored.
In particular, with the impressive height of 115m, the Sun Wheel is currently in top 10 highest wheels in the world.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 8 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 9 : DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA - HCM CITY (Breakfast, Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March every year, instead of My Khe Beach because of cold sea, you shall arrive at Danang Galina Mud Bath &amp; Spa, including the cost of the pool bath, using the aquatic therapy system, costs of mud baths excluded).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out and eat lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 9 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
South of Vietnam: Phu Quoc Island - Hotel 4 Star - Sao Beach - Truc Lam Pagoda - Fishing Challenge
Tour code: NDSGN801-042-040317VJ-U-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 3
4,390,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - PHU QUOC (Lunch, Dinner)
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat airport, column no.04, domestic flight terminal.
A tour guide will instruct you to make procedure for taking a flight to Phu Quoc.
The coach shall pick up you at the airport, take you to visit Su Muon Pagoda - For praying peace and happiness for your family.
Then depart to go through a tropical forest to explore Suoi Tranh - Originated from green Ham Ninh mountain range, from ravines, many small streams creeping through the woods, rocks to mix into the mainstream creating a peaceful Suoi Tranh stream.
Continue to visit Ham Ninh Fishing Village, Pepper Farm, Fish sauce Farm.
Next to visit Dinh Cau - a cultural and belief symbol of Phu Quoc Island, where local people entrust their belief for offshore fishing trips with ships full of fish when returning.
After that, check in hotel, free at leisure or bathe in the sea.
In the evening, you are free to stroll coastal streets or serve seafood in night Phu Quoc Market (expense excluded).
Overnight in Phu Quoc.
Day 2 : BAI SAO - HO QUOC PAGODA - VINPEARL LAND (Breakfast, Lunch)
The coach shall take you to visit Nam Dao, visit Ho Quoc Pagoda a beautiful and the largest pagoda in the pearl island with many works such as: Central Chamber, steeple, drum tower, Worship Hall of Late Patriarchs made from ironwood materials imported from South Africa and original stone of 700 - 1,000 years old, etc. With a wild, tranquil landscape creating a special natural space filled with solemnity and tranquility.
Continue to go to Bai Sao - A peaceful beach, a long quite and wild sand bank in a green island.
In here, you will really feel the peacefulness, relax and the life seems slow down when mixing with nature.
Enjoy lunch, then back to the hotel and free at leisure.
Day 3 : PHU QUOC – HCMC (Breakfast)
After breakfast, free at leisure until departure time to airport for flight back to HCMC.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
South of Vietnam: Phu Quoc vinpearl Resort 5 star
Tour code: NDSGN806-020-080317VJ-P-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 08/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 6
8,490,000 VND
6,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - PHU QUOC (Dinner)
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat airport, Vietravel desk, column no.4, domestic flight terminal.
A tour guide will instruct you to make process for a flight to Phu Quoc.
(In case the flight departs before 11 am, Vietravel will take tourists to lunch in Phu Quoc).
The coach shall take you to visit Su Muon Pagoda (Hung Long Pagoda) - where you can pray for peace and happiness for your family, Dinh Cau - The cultural and religious symbol of Phu Quoc Island, where local people entrust their belief for offshore fishing trips with ships full of fish when returning.
In the afternoon, visit Pepper Farm, Fish sauce Farm and discover Phu Quoc Pearl Farm - Admire and buy genuine jewelries made of pearls raised in Phu Quoc.
The coach shall take you to check in Phu Quoc 5 * Vinpearl Resort (Premium Villa Resort of 02, 03 or 04 bed rooms), then free at leisure and bathe in the sea.
Overnight in Phu Quoc.
Day 2 : 5 * RESORT PARADISE- VINPEARL LAND – VINPEARL SAFARI PHU QUOC (Breakfast, lunch, dinner)
Free to swim at Bai Dai - One of the 17 wild, beautiful beaches in the world or relax in the modernest swimming pool in Phu Quoc resort.
Then be free to discover Vinpearl Land Amusement Park, a large area full of games for all of ages and hobbies.
This place converges all indoor and outdoor games, such as: UFO, bee ferris, rotating cup, super-speed rotating disk, windmills, etc.
Besides, there is a Water Park with attractive games such as: huge boomerang, supper hollow glissette, lazy river, castle, wave generation basin, etc.
Continue to discover Aquarium with hundreds of fish and marine creatures such as Penguins, big fresh water fishes from Amazon River basin (South America) such as: Arapaima gigas, Lepisosteus oculatus with long and firce mouth or rare species such as Nemo, Napoleon, White Shart, King Crab, etc.
Moreover, there is a 5D film cinema, water music Stage.
For tourists having passion in Golf, Vinpearl is an ideal place to satisfy you, with 27 hole golf ground originally designed under the world's famous sea - island golf grounds.
In addition, you can visit The first wildlife sanctuary of Vietnam – Phu Quoc Vinpearl Safari (Expenses excluded) with scale of 180 hectares, more than 130 valuable and rare species of animals and programs of Animal performance, Take photo with animal, discover and experience the open Zoo in natural forest, close and friendly to human.
In the evening, you are free in Phu Quoc Vinpearl Resort.
Day 3 : PHU QUOC - HCMC (Breakfast)
You are free to bathe in the sea at the resort till check out time.
Then, the coach shall take you to the airport to take a flight back to HCMC.
Say good bye to Tourists and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
South of Vietnam: Phu Quoc - Resort 3 Star - Sao Beach - Truc Lam Ho Quoc Pagoda - Vinpearl Land – Safari
Tour code: NDSGN808-005-280417VJ-P
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 28/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 6
9,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC- PHU QUOC (Lunch, dinner)
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat airport, Vietravel desk, column no.4, domestic flight terminal.
A tour guide will instruct you to make procedure for taking a flight to Phu Quoc.
(In case the flight departs before 11 am, Vietravel will take tourists to lunch in Phu Quoc).
Tour guide shall take you to visit Su Muon Pagoda - where you can pray for peace and happiness for your family, visit Dinh Cau - The cultural and religious symbol of Phu Quoc Island, where local people entrust their belief for offshore fishing trips with the ships full of fish when returning.
In the afternoon, visit Pepper Farm, Fish sauce Farm and discover Phu Quoc Pearl Farm - Admire and buy genuine jewelries made of pearls raised in Phu Quoc.
Then tour guide takes you to check in hotel in Phu Quoc 5 * Vinpearl Resort (Premium Villa Resort of 02, 03 or 04 bed rooms), free at leisure and bathe in the sea.
Overnight in Phu Quoc.
Day 2 : 5* RESORT PARADISE- PHU QUOC VINPEARL LAND (Breakfast, lunch, dinner)
Free to bathe in the sea at Bai Dai - One of the 17 most beautiful, wild beaches in the world or relax in the modernest swimming pool in Phu Quoc with an original design.
Then free to discover Vinpearl Land Amusement Park (Expenses excluded), a large area full of games for all of ages and hobbies.
This place converges all indoor and outdoor games, such as: flying saucer, bee ferris, rotating cup, super-speed rotating disk, windmills, etc.
Besides, there is a Water Park with attractive games such as: huge boomerang, supper hollow glissette, lazy river, castle, wave generation basin, etc.
Continue to discover Aquarium with hundreds of fish and marine creatures such as Penguins, big fresh water fishes from Amazon River basin (South America) such as: Arapaima gigas, Lepisosteus oculatus with long and fierce mouth or rare species such as Nemo, Napoleon, White Shart, King Crab, etc.
Moreover, there is a 5D film cinema, water music Stage.
For tourists having passion in Golf, Vinpearl is an ideal place to satisfy you, with 27 hole golf ground originally designed under the world's famous sea - island golf grounds.
In addition, you can visit to discover The first wildlife sanctuary of Vietnam - Phu Quoc Vinpearl Safari (Expenses excluded) with scale of 180 hectares, 150 valuable and rare species of animals and programs of Animal performance, Taking photo with animal, discovery and enjoy Zoo in natural fores, close and friendly to human.
In the evening, you are free at leisure in Phu Quoc Vinpearl Resort.
Day 3 : PHU QUOC - HCMC (Breakfast)
Free to relax in the beach of the resort till check out time.
Then, the coach shall take you to the airport to take a flight back to HCMC.
Say good bye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Phu Quoc
At Phu Quoc You can visit the following destinations Phu Quoc.
To know more about Phu Quoc Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Phú Quốc
Tour program
Ha Noi - Ninh Binh - Ha Long - Pelican Cruise - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An
Tour code: NDSGN162-008-180317-U
Duration: 9 days
Departure: 18/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
18,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 800,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
18,990,000 VND 18,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
The North Central route, tourists will have the opportunity to discover a land of Central heritage with many beautiful landscapes in Hoi An, Da Nang, Hue, Quang Binh and the North areas which are equally charming with spectacular landscapes in Ninh Binh, Ha Long.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (Lunch, dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04 or 10 (depending on the airline). Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Return to Ha Noi and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 2 : HA NOI - HA LONG (3 Meals)
Enjoy breakfast, check out and depart to Ha Long.
Upon arrival at the Halong Bay, take a canoe to the 4 star Pelican Cruise, enjoy drinks while listen the program and safety measures to ensure the safety on board.
Enjoy a buffet lunch on board and admire the Ha Long Bay scenery, including: Cho Da Island, Ga Choi Island, Dinh Huong Island,… 
Upon lunch, you visit Sang Toi Cave, you can choose to go by ferry-boat to enjoy the Bay's scenery or explore Sang Toi Cave by Kayak, if being lucky, you may catch the monkeys on rock, very interesting.
Then you are free to go swim on Soi Sim or Ti Top Beaches, you can conquer Ti Top Peak to admire the panoramic view of Ha Long Bay from here.
Back on board, you can watch the sunset over the sea or you can use the services of massage and spa (expenses excluded).
At night, you can participate in cooking classes at Happy hour (18:00-19:00) on rooftop, eat dinner at a restaurant on board.
Stay overnight on Pelican Cruise.
Day 3 : HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (3 meals)
Early in the morning, enjoy the sunrise on board or join Taichi classes (fitness supplements) in the morning, then eat a light breakfast on board.
Then, continue to visit the Sung Sot Cave, one of the most beautiful and famous caves of Ha Long Bay, and in the top 10 beautiful caves in the world.
Check out and the lunch is served while the cruise moves to the port. You stay on board, sunbathe and enjoy the tranquility of world natural heritage.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
Upon arrival in Hanoi, check in and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HA NOI - HUE (3 Meals)
Have breakfast.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
In the afternoon, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Hue.
Overnight in Hue.
Day 5 : HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (3 Meals)
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel. visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in a 4 star hotel in Hue.
Day 6 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (3 Meals)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have breakfast.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length which was discovered and put into operation in tourism in 2010.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
Day 7 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (3 Meals)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co before going through Hai Van to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you shall take a car to experience the "Sun Wheel" at the Asian Park (expenses excluded) - belonging an architectural structure in combination between contemporary and ancient features, acculturation between Vietnam and other Asian countries designed by the skillful architect Bill Bensley.
Here, you can admire the Da Nang's sightseeing with a new perspective that has never been explored.
In particular, with the impressive height of 115m, the Sun Wheel is currently in top 10 highest wheels in the world.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 8 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 9 : DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA (Breakfast, Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March every year, instead of My Khe Beach because of cold sea, you shall arrive at Danang Galina Mud Bath &amp; Spa, including the cost of the pool bath, using the aquatic therapy system, costs of mud baths excluded).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out and eat lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 9 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Nha Trang - Tam Island - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 3 star)
Tour code: NDSGN504-006-020317VJ-U
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 02/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 2
4,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 300,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 2
4,190,000 VND 3,890,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - CAM RANH - WHITE SAND DOC LET - NHA TRANG Meals included: 2 meals (Lunch, Dinner)
Gather at column no.04, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - HON TAM RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Hon Tam harbor for a boat to Hon Tam Island - the tropical island with charming blue sea and white sand.
On arrival you are free to swim in the sea or dip yourself relaxing in the swimming pool, visit Ancient houses - where preserves and reproduces traditional culture of Vietnam, Artificial waterfall, and enjoy live performances by a Philippine band.
Additionally, you can participate in water sports games including parachuting, sailing, water canoeing, surfing (expenses excluded).
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below:
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City, including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - Located on top of Hoang Lan Hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky.
Continue to visit Long Son Pagoda, an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. Freely go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
Then, go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
* The flight schedule is subject to changes of the airliner.
** If the flight departs before 07:00 or arrives after 19:00, Vietravel will bonus more meal to the tourists.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Nha Trang - Da Lat (3 Star Hotel)
Tour code: NDSGN523-013-040317XE-U-2
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
3,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 2
3,990,000 VND 3,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after after long days of stressful work and study.
The journey also takes tourists to “Dream city” to experience cool air, vast pine forests, stroll the bustling night market and good-natured and lovable people in Da Lat.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 meals
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City).
And depart for Nha Trang.
On the way, visit Ca Na Beach - One of the most beautiful beaches in the Middle region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset over Nha Trang bay.
Upon arrival in Nha Trang, check in.
In the evening, you are free to explore the sea city.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - WHITE SAND DOC LET - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
In the morning, the coach takes you to visit White Sand Doc Let Resort – With the very green lawn and typical coconut palms in the space of mixing the sunshine, white sand and the scenery, the dreamlike scene is revealed in the luxury resort.
Freely swim and play the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc. or taste seafood (at your own expense).
The coach shall take you to return to Nha Trang.
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - Located on top of Hoang Lan Hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky.
The trip continues with visit to Long Son pagoda which is an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. You can go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night
In the evening, explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponagar seafood street, etc.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG - MEMENTO RESORT - DA LAT Meals included: 3 meals
In the morning, visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center.
With the quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture charactering Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai River with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services.
Then continue to buy specialties at Dam Market.
Return to hotel for check-out, depart to Da Lat.
On the way, you will visit Memento Country House. Here, you can mix with the pure and quiet atmosphere of the countryside of the Middle with the very green lawns, the carol of many birds and the simply thatched cottages with earthen walls.
The relaxing pastoral services: go fishing, spa therapy with the natural ingredients, relax on the spacious lawn or lie in a hammock with the full of the creak of the green bamboo trees (at your own expense).
You also participate the lunch with the traditional dishes of the Vietnam countryside at Memento Resort.
Upon arrival in Nha Trang, check in and relax.
At night, freely enjoy coffee in the mild air of the mountainous city.
Stay overnight in Da Lat.
Day 4 : DA LAT - THE FLOWER CITY Meals included: 3 meals
You visit and conquer Langbiang Mountain - The roof of Central Highlands, have the panoramic view of mountain, Dankia lake, Suoi Vang with the meandering rivers seen from above (Go to the Mountain by Jeep car as a choice - At your own expense).
Continue to visit Golden Valley - An incredible combination of the typical features of Cu Hill and charming and attractive sceneries with the gardens, stone area, bonsai garden or artificial waterfall, etc.
In the afternoon, Bao Dai Private Residence (Dinh III) - The place where the family of final King in the feudal dynasties of Vietnam lived in and worked, is the next destination.
Pay a visit Da Lat Market and buy the local specialties.
Stay overnight in Da Lat.
Day 5 : DA LAT - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
Check out and depart to Ho Chi Minh City. Along the way, you will visit Truc Lam Temple - Get the panoramic view of Tuyen Lam Lake with the beautiful nature, mountains and pine forest in Da Lat, etc.
Continue to visit the Falls Datanla natural beauty of Dalat jungle waterfall just majestic , strong , freshly brewed something romantic , gentle .
Here you can conquer the challenge to slide the tube service to visit the falls (expenses excluded) Go to Ho Chi Minh City in the evening, the coach takes you to return the pick-up place.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Nha Trang - Four Island - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 4 star)
Tour code: NDSGN507-006-040317VJ-U-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 8
5,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 300,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
5,190,000 VND 4,890,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - CAM RANH - WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT - NHA TRANG Meals included: 2 (Lunch, dinner)
Gather at column no.04, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
On arrival, the coach will take you back to Nha Trang city
After enjoying diner, you are free to explore the seaside city with a lot of exciting activities at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG – GO SIGHTSEEING 4 ISLANDS Meals included: 3 (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Stone bridge wharf and you begins an interesting travel.
Get on a ship to come to close to Swallow Island (also called Hon Rom Island), listen to the tour guide explaining about history of Swallow's nest trade and various species of Swallow.
Continue the journey to Mon Mun Island - Vietnam's largest marine sanctuary, here, you can swim, dive in the blue water and admire various and diversified marine species.
Stay on board and sunbathe.
On arrival in Hon Mot, enjoy lunch on Tri Nguyen Restaurant with attractive and delicious local seafood dishes.
You can also try fishing or freely swim and dive to explore coral reefs again. Especially, enjoy the delicious taste of fishes you have just fished.
Finally, visit Vinpearl Land Entertainment Paradise (expenses excluded)
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG –HCMC Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After enjoying breakfast buffet at the hotel
Go to Cam Ranh airport to catch a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
* The flight schedule is subject to changes of the airliner.
** If the flight departs before 07:00 or arrives after 19:00, Vietravel will bonus more meal to the tourists.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Nha Trang - Lao Island - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 4 star)
Tour code: NDSGN505-004-050317VJ-G-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 05/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
4,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
4,790,000 VND 4,590,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - CAM RANH - NHA TRANG Meals included: 1 (Dinner)
Gather at column no.04, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
Have dinner. In the evening you are free to explore the seaside city with a lot of exciting activities at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : DAY 2: NHA TRANG - HON LAO RESORT Meals included: 2 (Breakfast -Lunch)
After breakfast the coach will take you to Da Chong Port to get of the boat for a visit to Nha Phu Lagoon.
On arrival at Hon Lao island, you can participate in games and activities such as: visiting flower park, aquarium, swimming in the sea, especially enjoying Circus Monkey… or participate in sports and entertainment services: Canoeing, parachuting, water motoring, etc.
(expenses excluded).
In the afternoon you can choose between the two programs below:
1. Visiting religious symbols of Nha Trang including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - located on top of Hoang Lan hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
Nui Cathedral was built under the architectural style of Western Catholic Church, outstanding in the blue sky.
The trip continues with visit to Long Son pagoda - which is an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. You can go for a walk in the seashore or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will have to pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, Vietravel's coach will take you to relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
You also continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
You will go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
* The flight schedule is subject to changes of the airliner.
** If the flight departs before 07:00 or arrives after 19:00, Vietravel will bonus more meal to the tourists.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Central of Vietnam: Nha Trang - Tam Island (Hotel 4 star)
Tour code: NDSGN510-007-090317XE-U-4S
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
4,390,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
4,390,000 VND 4,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City) to depart to Nha Trang.
Along the way you will visit Ca Na beach - one of the most beautiful beaches in the Central region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset from Nha Trang bay.
To Nha Trang you check in hotel and rest.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - HON TAM RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast, Lunch)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Hon Tam Harbor for a boat to Hon Tam Island - the tropical island with charming blue sea and white sand.
On arrival you are free to swim in the sea or dip youself relaxing in the swimming pool, visit Ancient houses - where preserves and reproduces traditional culture of Vietnam, Artificial waterfall, and enjoy live performances by a Philippine band.
Additionally, you can participate in water sports games including parachuting, sailing, water canoeing, surfing (expenses excluded).
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below:
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City, including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - Located on top of Hoang Lan Hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky. Continue to visit Long Son Pagoda, an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. Freely go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land Entertainment World (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 3 (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, Vietravel's coach will take you to White Sand Doc Let Resort - Designed with green lawns and coconut lines typical of the seaside region, where the sunshine, white sand and the scenery are intertwined to become a romantic setting for this luxury resort.
Freely swim and do the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc. or taste seafood (at your own expense).
Have lunch.
Then return to the hotel for rest.
In the afternoon you will visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
You also continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
After dinner, you are free to explore the busy life of the sea city at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 4 : NHA TRANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After breakfast buffet, you make the procedures of check out.
Depart to Ho Chi Minh City.
Along the way you will stop to buy Phan Rang specialties such as: grape, garlic, etc.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh City in the afternoon, you are taken to the original point.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel
Tour program
Nha Trang - Tam Island - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 4 star)
Tour code: NDSGN504-007-090317VJ-U-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
5,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 300,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
5,190,000 VND 4,890,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - CAM RANH - WHITE SAND DOC LET - NHA TRANG Meals included: 2 meals (Lunch, Dinner)
Gather at column no.04, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - HON TAM RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Hon Tam harbor for a boat to Hon Tam Island - the tropical island with charming blue sea and white sand.
On arrival you are free to swim in the sea or dip yourself relaxing in the swimming pool, visit Ancient houses - where preserves and reproduces traditional culture of Vietnam, Artificial waterfall, and enjoy live performances by a Philippine band.
Additionally, you can participate in water sports games including parachuting, sailing, water canoeing, surfing (expenses excluded).
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below:
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City, including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - Located on top of Hoang Lan Hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky.
Continue to visit Long Son Pagoda, an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. Freely go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – HCM city Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
Then, go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
* The flight schedule is subject to changes of the airliner.
** If the flight departs before 07:00 or arrives after 19:00, Vietravel will bonus more meal to the tourists.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Nha Trang - Four Islands tour - Vinpearl Land  (Hotel 2 star)
Tour code: NDSGN516-008-110317XE-U
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 11/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
2,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
2,990,000 VND 2,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City) to depart to Nha Trang.
Along the way you will visit Ca Na beach - one of the most beautiful beaches in the Central region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset over Nha Trang Bay.
To Nha Trang you check in hotel and rest.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG – 4 ISLANDS Meals included: 3 (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Stone bridge wharf and you begins an interesting travel.
Get on a ship to come to close to Swallow Island (also called Hon Rom Island), listen to the tour guide explaining about history of Swallow's nest trade and various species of Swallow.
Continue the journey to Mon Mun Island - Vietnam's largest marine sanctuary, here, you can swim, dive in the blue water and admire various and diversified marine species.
Stay on board and sunbathe.
On arrival in Hon Mot, enjoy lunch on Tri Nguyen Restaurant with attractive and delicious local seafood dishes.
You can also try fishing or freely swim and dive to explore coral reefs again. Especially, enjoy the delicious taste of fishes you have just fished.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 3 (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, Vietravel's coach will take you to White Sand Doc Let Resort - Designed with green lawns and coconut lines typical of the seaside region, where the sunshine, white sand and the scenery are intertwined to become a romantic setting for this luxury resort.
Freely swim and do the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc. or taste seafood (at your own expense).
Have lunch.
Then return to the hotel for rest.
In the afternoon you will visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
Especially, since the summer 2016, when visiting I-resort, you will have chance to play at I-resort Hot Mineral Water Park - The first and only hot mineral water park in Vietnam. This park provides majestic mineral water system combined with unique water games along romantic banks of Cai River.
I-resort Nha Trang Mineral Water Park is expected to offer you freshness and absolute satisfaction.
(Expenses for playing at the park shall be excluded).
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
After dinner, you are free to explore the busy life of the sea city at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 4 : NHA TRANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After breakfast buffet, you make the procedures of check out.
Depart to Ho Chi Minh City.
Along the way you will stop to buy Phan Rang specialties such as: grape, garlic, etc.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh Cityin the afternoon, you are taken to the original point.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Nha Trang
At Nha Trang You can visit the following destinations Nha Trang, Nha Phu Water Park, Diep Son Island, Hon Chong, Hon Lao, Hon Tam, Diving, Hot Spring I-Resort, Vinpearl Land, Doc Let White Sand Beach.
To know more about Nha Trang Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Nha Trang
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Fansipan - Yen Tu - Ha Long
Tour code: NDSGN130-001-070417VJ-U
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 07/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
8,090,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam, connecting Hanoi and Lao Cai through Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Yen Bai.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
Day 2 : SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, climb the Ham Rong Mount for sightseeing and photography of Sapa town in fog, visit the blooming orchid garden, the central garden, watch the majestic Mount Fansipan, Heaven Gate, Thach Lam Dragon Head, Cloud Yard.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, and then depart to Bac Ha.
On arrival, you shall blend into the exciting atmosphere of the mountainous market - Bac Ha Market, known as the largest mountainous market in Lao Cai, where gathered many traders in neighboring ethic groups for exchange, trade but Bac Ha is more famous by its natural beauty.
Continue to visit Hoang A Tuong Palace - also known as the "H'Mong's King's Palace" built from 1914 owned by Hoang Yen Chao - Tay ethnic group, Hoang A Tuong's father.
After nearly 100 years of existence, the old house still stands majestically outstanding between a densely populated place, crowded streets.
Return to Hanoi, check in.
In the evening, you are free to explore the old town at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Return to the hotel, free at leisure or free to visit Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), see circus performances of Dolphins, Seals .
Stay overnight in Ha Long.
Day 5 : HA LONG - (Cat Bi) HAI PHONG - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Next, take a coach to the Cat Bi airport (Hai Phong) for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Ha Noi
Tour code: NDSGN131-001-050417VJ-G
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 05/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
7,690,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam, connecting Hanoi and Lao Cai through Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Yen Bai.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
Day 2 : SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, climb the Ham Rong Mount for sightseeing and photography of Sapa town in fog, visit the blooming orchid garden, the central garden, watch the majestic Mount Fansipan, Heaven Gate, Thach Lam Dragon Head, Cloud Yard.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou", go shopping at Coc Leu market.
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
In the evening, you are free to explore the old town at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Continue to visit and find out about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Return to the hotel, free at leisure or free to visit Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), see circus performances of Dolphins, Seals .
Stay overnight in Halong.
Day 5 : HA LONG - (Cat Bi) HAI PHONG - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Next, take a coach to the Cat Bi airport (Hai Phong) for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Northwest of Vietnam: Nghia Lo - Tu Le - Mu Cang Chai - Yen Bai - Sapa - Dien Bien - Son La - Moc Chau - Happy Land
Tour code: NDSGN172-021-100317VJ-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 10/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 4
8,890,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Mu Cang Chai (Yen Bai) appears in the eyes of tourists with enchanting terraced rice paddies, beautiful mountain passes.
Like a brilliant mountain girl in the northwestern mountains and forests, Mu Cang Chai attracts tourists with wild, mountainous beauty.
Arriving in Mu Cang Chai, you also have the opportunity to learn unique features of Mong ethnic group with friendliness and hospitality.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - NOI BAI (HANOI) - YEN BAi - NGHIA LO (Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, column 04 at the Domestic Terminal so that tour guide makes the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Yen Bai.
Along the way, stop in Phu Tho to visit the Hung Temple.
On arrival, carry a thurible, visit Thuong Temple, Trung Temple, Ha Temple, Well of Pearls, King Hung Mausoleum, freely take photos and go shopping of souvenirs and then depart to Nghia Lo.
On arrival, check in and get rest at the hotel.
In the evening, enjoy the performances of Xoe dance, exchange and learn the characteristic culture of the Thai ethnic group.
Stay overnight in Nghia Lo.
Day 2 : NGHIA LO - MU CANG CHAI - SAPA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, depart to Mu Cang Chai, across Tu Le, you will smell the faintly fragrance of "new rice" along the wind from the roof chimney; this place is famous for sweet rice and grean rice.
To the Khau Pha Pass, you shall stop to take photos and watch the beautiful Lim Mong Village located at the foot of the pass.
This is a H'Mong village and a home to the most beautiful rice field in Mu Cang Chai.
Across the Khau Pha Pass to the territory of Mu Cang Chai, you will be enthralled by the bewitching beauty of terraced roads (Famous in 3 communes: La Pan Tan, Che Cu Nha and Ze Xu Phinh).
Then, admire the wide and out of sight valleys, cascading fields bending along mountain sides, mountains by mountains.
You can visit and enjoy the stages of rice season: sparkling water season on the slopes (February - March), rice transplanting season (May), the young rice season (June - July) and the most beautiful season - ripening season or gold season (September - October).
It is the also enthralling beauty in the ripening season, terraced fields in three communes were ranked as National Monument in 2007.
Upon arrival at the town of Mu Cang Chai, enjoy lunch and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, depart to Sapa, on the way, you shall stop to watch a panoramic view of dreaming Tan Uyen tea plantation and admire majestic landscapes of northwest mountains from O Quy Ho Pass - The boundary between two provinces Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around the Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
On arrival in Sapa, check in and get rest at the hotel.
In the evening, you are free to visit the mountain town and enjoy special dishes here.
Stay overnight in Sa Pa.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAI CHAU (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, Return to Lai Chau, check in and get rest.
Stay overnight in Lai Chau.
Day 4 : LAI CHAU - PHONG THO - MUONG LAY - DIEN BIEN (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
then depart to Dien Bien, and admire the northwest mountains and forests along the Nam Na River and wetlands formed by water rising of Son La hydroelectric plant at the confluence of: Da River, Nam Na River and Nam Rom River.
On arrival at Muong Lay, eat lunch.
Continue the journey to Dien Bien, visit the Dien Bien Phu Museum - Built in 1984 on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the historic victory of Dien Bien Phu, visit the Martyr's Cemetery in Hill A1, and A1 Hill, French military headquarters (General De Castries).
Stay overnight in Dien Bien.
Check in, enjoy dinner and stay overnight at Dien Bien.
Day 5 : DIEN BIEN - SON LA - MOC CHAU (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, and then depart to Son LA.
Along the way, you will admire the majestic scenery of Northwest mountain from the peak of Pha Din Pass - One of the "big four pass" of Northwest region and ranked in most impressive group of 6 passes in Vietnam.
Upon arrival in Son La, have lunch.
Then, depart to Moc Chau.
Next, visit Dai Yem Waterfall - also called Nang Waterfall, in order to compare the soft beauty, seductive images of waterfalls with the beauty of young girls.
Then visit the Moc Chau Tea Hill - Standing on a tea hill, you will feel the fresh and cool air, at the same time witness the mist floating on, the tea roads running around the hill arranged in rows like the endlessly stretching green terraced fields.
You stop to go shopping of famous specialties made from fresh cow's milk of Moc Chau as a gift.
Check in and free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Moc Chau.
Day 6 : MOC CHAU - MAI CHAU - NOI BAI AIRPORT (HANOI) (Breakfast - Lunch)
Have breakfast at hotel and check out.
You visit Happy Land Moc Chau.
Depart to Hoa Binh and enjoy lunch.
Then, return to Hanoi, you shall take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Fansipan - Yen Tu - Ha Long - Bai Dinh - Trang An
Tour code: NDSGN183-115-090317VN-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 1
8,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 500,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 1
8,790,000 VND 8,290,000 VND BOOK NOW
The route takes tourists to the ancient, majestic capital; Ninh Binh, a peaceful, quiet place with wonderful Trang An, majestic Bai Dinh Pagoda.
And Ha Long, an indispensable tourist place with spectacular and impressive caves in sunset.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam, connecting Hanoi and Lao Cai through Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Yen Bai.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
Day 2 : SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou", go shopping at Coc Leu market.
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
In the evening, you are free to explore the old town at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Return to the hotel, free at leisure or free to visit Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), see circus performances of Dolphins, Seals .
Besides, you may visit Sun World Ha Long Park Ba Deo Mountain by Queen cable car from Bai Chay Beach, which reaches two world records (cabin with the world's largest capacity, 230 persons/cabin and the cable with the world's highest pole from land, T1 pole in 188.88m.), experience the solar wheel, visit the Japanese garden, wax exhibition area, children's recreation area, etc.
Overnight in Halong.
Day 5 : HA LONG - NINH BINH (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the afternoon, take a coach to Ninh Binh. On arrival, check in and enjoy the special dish of milk goat.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
Day 6 : NINH BINH - TRANG AN - HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Check out, then visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
You can visit the Pagoda by trams.
Then, continue to Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Return to Hanoi, then take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Lao Cai
At Lao Cai You can visit the following destinations Lao Cai, Mount Fansipan, Ham Rong Mountain, Terraced fields, Sapa, Thac Bac Waterfall,
To know more about Lao Cai Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Lào Cai
List tours of Malta
Currently, there is no tour opening to Malta.
Please, choose a new destination or come back later.
Destination Malta
At Malta You can visit the following destinations Gozo Island, Malta,
To know more about Malta Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Malta
Destination Croatia
At Croatia You can visit the following destinations Croatia,
Destination Cambodia
At Cambodia You can visit the following destinations Bokor , Cambodia, Kampot, Phnom Penh, Siem Reap, Sihanouk Ville, Thansur Borkor,
To know more about Cambodia Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Campuchia
Tour program
Dallas-Mexico-Cuba-Panama
Tour code: NNSGN763-03-260317AA-P
Duration: 13 days
Departure: 26/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
169,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Experience the best of Mexico’s rich history and spectacular ruins along with the vibrant history, traditions and rhythms of Cuba on this adventure of a lifetime. Be seduced by the wonder, sensuality and alluring fallen beauty that is Havana during a discovery of Cuba.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - CANCUN (Dinner)
Vietravel's tour leader shall pick up Tourists at Tan Son Nhat airport to take a flight at 8:40 to Narita.
Transit 02 hours at Narita airport.
Then, connect a flight to Dallas, and again connect a flight to Cancun arriving at 21:23 on the same date, enjoy dinner and check in hotel to take rest after a long flight.
Day 2 : CANCUN (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
The coach takes you to go on sightseeing and play at Xel Ha Park - the world's famous theme water park.
Xel Ha Park is located in the middle of the lagoons, a large estuary; where there is a large natural aquarium, in which the tropical fish and flora are abundant and diversified.
Water in this park is turquoise blue; is formed by the currents of the underground rivers mixed with salt water in the estuary All areas underwater in the park are fenced to prevent from sharks for safety of tourists.
Here, Tourists can lie to be drifted downstream, swimming with the shy and gentle natural creatures, or participate in funny aquatic sports.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, you will depart to visit Tulum relics- a famous ruin of the Mayan.
Tulum City is surrounded by ancient citadels, built on a cliff with a panoramic view of the Caribbean.
Tulum charms tourists all around the worlds by its ancient beauty of thousands of years ago, by the ancient structures built by man power still exist until today, challenging time.
Back to Cancun to enjoy dinner and check in hotel to be free at leisure.
Day 3 : CANCUN - CHICHEN-ITZA - CANCUN (Three meals)
You will spend the whole morning discovering Chichen-Itza architectural ensemble, one of the world's seven new wonders.
Here is also the place where "composed" the calendar with the end of the 5,125 year cycle of the Mayan on 12 December 2012, the day was once believed to be doomsday.
Conquering the Mayan pyramid, built by the Mayan as a span between the divine and the human, visit the Temple of the Warriors, handball sport field "defend or die", where the losing captain will be beheaded after the end of the match.
Depart back to Cancun, on the way, you will call on for visiting and immersing in the sacred blue water of Cenote Ik Kil Lake - the product of tectonic processes lasting millions of years and considered a sacred place of the ancient Mayan and compared as the sacred lake fairyland of the Mayan.
This lake was totally situated about 20m underground.
This used to be a resort of the ancient Mayan as well as a supply of water for the ritual.
Back to Cancun to enjoy dinner and take rest.
Day 4 : CANCUN - LA HABANA (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Day 5 : LA HABANA (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Then depart to tour La Havana City - the Capital City of Cuba , one of the oldest cities in the Western Hemisphere.
Habana was built in baroque and neoclassical style, recognized by UNESCO as the World Cultural Heritage in 1982.
This tour takes you to the main points in the city, including Old Havana district and modern Havana areas.
You begin the program with the visit to the historic district with the General Captian Museum, La Bodeguita del Medio - a famous restaurant in Havana visited by many tourists.
Visit Plaza de Arms and San Francisco Square, Church Cathedral in Havana with ancient architecture and considered a famous religious works.
You will have the chance to feel the atmosphere of the narrow cobble streets of Old Havana district, admire the old colonial buildings dated from 16th century.
Call on Ambos Mundos hotel, this is the place where the great famous writer Ernest Hemingway of the U.S lived and worked when he visited Cuba.
Lounging in Obispo, Tourists are easily intoxicated by the loveliness of this pedestrian street.
Here is concentrated with many local stores for you to buy a variety of gifts.
Lunch at local restaurant, you will be able to taste Mojito - famous cocktail made from rum of Cuba.
Afternoon, you stop at the Rum Museum to see the wine production process, local crafts market. Visit El Morro Fortress– where defended the estuary inhere.
Stroll the coastal city of Casablanca before dinner at a local restaurant and back to hotel to take rest.
Day 6 : LA HABANA – CIENFUEGOS - TRINIDAD (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Depart to Trinidad city.
On the way, call on for visiting Zapata Peninsula located on the historical Bay of Pigs, where has the largest wetlands of the Caribbean, and a habitat of 175 species of birds, 31 species of reptiles, especially flamingos and alligators and thousands of other invertebrates.
Visit the cold war Museum of the Bay of Pigs battle.
Tourists have lunch on the way.
Stop at Cienfuegos city to enjoy lunch.
Then, visit the city, recognized as the World's Heritage Site by the UNESCO in 2004.
This is a best model for Urban Planning of the "era of light" of Spain in early 19th century with square streets aligned straight like a chessboard.
Visit Marti Park located right at the the Historical Center as the symbol oft this City.
It has still remained the old architectures of French style since the time of colonial settlers.
Visit Valle Palace, Marti Park and Tomas Terry Theater, Cathedral.
Then, the coach continues to take you to Trinidad City.
On arrival, you will enjoy dinner, then back to check in hotel and free at leisure.
Day 7 : TRINIDAD – SANTA CLARA – LA HABANA (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Tourists will spend the all day visiting Trinidad city, one of the first villages established by the Spanish in the 16th century and recognized as the World Heritage Site in 1988 by the UNESCO.
Trinidad is famous for its cobbled streets and houses painted pastel color, with the magnificent buildings and shopping malls.
Start the tour with visiting Main Square, Central Square, Holy Trinity Church and Romantic Museum.
Canchanchara bar and Iznaga Tower.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, Tourists are taken by coach to the city of Santa Clara, where the victory of the Cuban Revolution lead by Ernesto "Che" Guevara and Camilo Cienfeugous took place.
Here, you will call on the monument in honor of Che Guevara - the national hero of Cuba, his Tomb and the Museum storing memorabilia in the life of Che.
Vidal Park, “Armored Train”.
In the afternoon, Tourists are back to La Habana and enjoy dinner at a local restaurant.
After dinner, you will be back to hotel and free at leisure.
Day 8 : LA HABANA - PANAMA (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Visit Ernest Hemingway museum located in a large precinct having a swimming pool, on a hill of San Francisco de Paula Village is a house where Hemingway used to live for 20 years.
At the end of the garden, You are introduced the Pilar fishing boat of the writer.
To end the journey tracing Hemingway, Tourists will walk to the fishing village of Cojimar, where Hemingway's boat used to moor and where inspired him to write "The Old Man and the Sea".
A stature of the writer was also erected in here.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
Then visit the outside of Capitolio Nacional - where used to be Cuba's parliamentary house until after the 1959 reform period.
The building design makes many humorous persons compared as "twin" with the United States Capitol in Washington DC - USA.
Then depart to airport to take a flight to Panama - Apart from the world-famous canal, the Panama also hides many historical, cultural and natural sights attracting tourists.
After entry procedures, you will enjoy dinner at a local restaurant and check in hotel to either be free at leisure or discover Panama at night.
Day 9 : MIRAFLORES LOCKS - PEDRO MIGUEL LOCKS (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Then spend the all day visiting and discovering Panama City, one of the destinations attracting the most visitors.
Take part in a tour discovering the operation process of Panama canal.
Panama Canal comprises of 3 locks, namely Gatun lock, Pedro Miguel Lock and Miraflores locks, It takes about 9 hours to pass through the canals, but in the journey of the day, you will go one section of it, through Pedro Miguel lock and Miraflores lock.
However, in the meantime you will have contemplation and take photo of the beautiful surrounding landscape.
Continue to visit Casco Viejo - a quarter with captivating ancient buildings and historical sites.
Casco Viejo was once ravaged by the urbanization of the city of Panama, forgotten and quickly became slums.
However, these ancient buildings have been restored.
By the efforts of the international community, Casco Viejo was recognized as the World Heritage Site by the UNESCO in 2003.
After dinner, Tourists will be either free at leisure or discover the city.
Day 10 : EMBERA MEETING POINT - PANAMA VEIJO (Three meals)
Breakfast at hotel.
Depart to Embara meeting point, boarding the Piragua (dugout boat) and travel along Charges river to the Embera Indian Village.
Here, you will have a chance to learn about the culture and join in many interesting activities.
Lunch at local restaurant.
In the afternoon, depart back to Panama city, visit Panama Veijo - former capital of the country featured with historically significant ruins.
After that, free for shopping in Panama.
Dinner and free at leisure.
Day 11 : PANAMA - LOS ANGELES (Breakfast, Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel and check-out.
The coach takes you to the airport to take a flight back to Los Angeles.
On arrival, complete entry procedure, free to visit and go shopping in Los Angeles till the time of gathering to airport to take a flight back to Vietnam (Transit in Japan). Overnight on the board.
Day 12 : Crossing the international date line
Day 13 : HO CHI MINH CITY
On arrival at Tan Son Nhat airport at 9:50 am, Vietravel's coach will pick you up and take you back to 190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC.
End of the trip.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 13 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Panama
At Panama You can visit the following destinations EMBERA INDIAN VILLAGE,
MIRAFLORES LOCKS, Panama, PEDRO MIGUEL LOCKS,
To know more about Panama Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Panama
Destination Mexico
At Mexico You can visit the following destinations Cancun, Chichen-Itza, Mexico, Xel Ha Park, To know more about Mexico Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Mexico
List tours of Oman
Currently, there is no tour opening to Oman.
Please, choose a new destination or come back later.
Destination Oman
At Oman You can visit the following destinations
To know more about Oman Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Oman
Tour program
Bhutan: Discover the happiest country world- the first day of tet
Tour code: NNSGN972-003-200317VN-U
Duration: 7 days
Departure: 20/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
64,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
In this new journey, Vietravel wants to introduce to you the best features of the land known as "the City of the Clouds", "the happiest country in the world" by the route combining riding and walking on foot in the remote villages of the "Kingdom of the Thunder Dragon", visit the ancient temples and monasteries located in the high mountains to feel the sense of peace and distinguish life of the people of Bhutan from other lands.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – BANGKOK
Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick you up at 190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City and take you to Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch a flight to Bangkok.
On arrival, get on the coach to go the hotel for rest.
Stay overnight in Bangkok
Day 2 : BANGKOK - PARO - THIMPHU (55 km) (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
In the early morning, after check out, go to the airport to catch a flight to the only airport of Bhutan at Paro valley.
You will have the opportunity to enjoy the panoramic view one of the world's highest mountains through the window of airplane.
Go to the Paro airport, the tour guide will make the entry procedures to Bhutan for you.
After completing entry procedures to "the land of Thunder Dragon", you get on the coach to go toThimphu - Bhutan's capital, located in the western part of Bhutan at an altitude of about 2,300 meters.
The city is located in the fertile valley of Thimphu River, and characterized by a blend of tradition and modernity.
On arrival, you begin the journey to explore the city with:
- National Memorial Chorten: has the stunning architecture to commemorate the 3rd king of Bhutan, the "father of modern Bhutan".
Chorten was built with the purpose as a place to pray for peace and prosperity.
The patterns on the ceilings inside and surrounding statues are imbued with philosophy of Bhutan.
- Dordenma Buddhas Statue: made of gold and copper, is one of the world's tallest statue with a height of about 51m.
In the heart of Buddha statues includes 125,000 small Buddha statues and a hall.
Located on a hilltop, so you can enjoy the panoramic view of Thimphu City from here.
- Motithang Takin Preserve: where protects Takin - a goat-antelope associated with the legend on Divine Madman- Drukpa Kuenlay on the Himalayas is on the verge of extinction.
- Weekend markets (open on the weekly Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays): is an opportunity to learn about the daily life and the everyday images of the Bhutan people.
Here you can buy agricultural products and unique local souvenirs.
- Textile factory: Where you can admire the unique and characteristic brocatelle products weaved by craftsman of Bhutan.
- Handicrafts Emporium: is run by the government, which showcases a lot of handmade and embroidery products.
- Tashicho Dzong monastery (Thimphu Dzong) is the fortress monastery located in the north Thimphu on the banks of the Wang Chhu River.
Built in 1641 by Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal, this place is called "Fortress of the glorious religion".
Currently, this fortress is the administrative agency of the state, where dwells the King's room, and a lot of agencies under the managing apparatus of the state.
This is also the dwelling place in the summer of Buddhist leaders.
Enjoy dinner and check in, get at the hotel or be free to explore the city on the night
Day 3 : THIMPHU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, you shall visit the Jigme Dorji Wild Zoo, where nurtures wildlife of the country.
The zoo is home to some rare wildlife such as Takin - a goat-antelope associated with the legend on Divine Madman- Drukpa Kuenlay on the Himalayas that is on the verge of extinction, snow leopard, blue sheep, tiger, red panda, Himalayan black bears and more than 300 species of birds living here naturally.
After visiting the zoo,you walk on foot from the Dodena village to visit the Goemba Cheri monastery, a small hilltop monastery with high status to see the panorama of the Thimphu valley.
It is a very sacred place because it stores the holy ash of Tempi Nima, father of the first saint of the Buddhism in Bhutan.
Also a lot of paintings on the saints of Buddhism in Bhutan are preserved here.
After visiting the monastery, you take the coach back to the old path, to see the natural sights of this sacred place.
After returning to Dodena Village, you will have a picnic meal next to fresh Thimphu river.
Later, you take a coach back to Thimphu through small roads crossing the simple villages.
Eat dinner and enjoy a special cultural program.
Here, you can visit, go shopping the Cordyceps sinensis- a rare Oriental medicine since ancient times with functions to enhance the immune system and a positive effect on the cardiovascular system, respiratory, endocrine, etc.
Located in the south of Himalayas, Bhutan is one of the places to offer the best cordyceps in the world with quality controlled strictly by the Ministry of Agriculture.
Then, free at leisure.
Day 4 : THIMPHU - PUNAKHA (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel.
You start on a journey to explore the 3,100 meter high Dochula Pass to watch the sun rise from the east, from here you can zoom eye to the north to watch the majestic Himalayas.
As many as 108 towers are scattered, towards the Himalayas representing108 the Buddha's teachings.
According to the legend, the Dochula tower was built to repel a demon often catching people at Dochula Pass - the pass connecting the Thimphu capital with the eastern Bhutan.
After the tour, you get on the coach to Punakha - once the capital and political center of the Government of Bhutan until 1955.
Located at an altitude of 1,200 meters over sea level, unlike the Thimpu, Punakha's weather is relatively warm in the winter and quite hot in summer.
Thanks to the temperate climate plus natural drainage system from the two rivers of Mo Pho and Chhu Chhu, Punakha has not only green rice fields, but also abundant fruits.
You visit the following sites:
- Punakha Dzong Fortress: was built in 1637 by Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel, the founder of the state of Bhutan.
Initially, this fortress was named the Dechen Phodrang Dzong Puntang, which means Palace of Great Bliss.
This fortress is the oldest and largest in Bhutan.
Punakha Dzong is the administrative center and the headquarter of the Government of Bhutan until 1955, when the capital was moved to Thimpu.
- The Khamsum Yulley Namgyal Chorten - a Stupa built by the third Queen, Ashi Tshering Yangdon Wangchuck in 2000 and is a great testament to the Chorten art of Tantric Buddhism in Bhutan.
You will walk about 30 minutes from the parking across a suspension bridge and fields with wild landscapes.
Have lunch and dinner at a local restaurant.
Check in and get rest at the hotel.
Day 5 : PUNAKHA - PARO (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast and check out, you go to Paro historic town with sacred sites and ancient buildings scattered everywhere.
In addition, this town was located in the vast Paro valley, which is recognized as one of the most beautiful valleys in Bhutan.
Here, you will have the opportunity to be immersed in nature and enjoy the peaceful beauty of this country.
Paro and Punakha with Jakar, has formed a golden triangle tour in Bhutan:
- Rinpung Dzong - One of the largest monasteries of Paro, where enforcement agencies and provincial authorities are located.
Name of Rinpung Dzong Fortress means literally lying on piles of treasure.
To come to Dzong, you will come across an ancient bridge called Nemi Zam.
- Kyichu Lhakhang: As one of the two oldest and most sacred temples in Bhutan and built in the 7th century.
Kyichu Lhakhang is a combination of two temples: The first temple was built by King Songtsen Gampo of Tibet in the 7th century.
In 1968, Ashi Kesang - Queen Mother of Bhutan has built the second temple next to the first temple in the same style.
- Visit the Dungtse Lhakhang Temple - a small temple but very unique architecture in Bhutan.
Have lunch and dinner at a local restaurant.
Stay overnight at the hotel
Day 6 : PARO – TIGER'S NEST MONASTERY (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You will visit Taktsang Monastery (Tiger’s Nest) in a whole day: this is one of the famous monasteries in Bhutan, built on an 900m high steep cliff above the Paro valley.
According to the legend, long years ago, the Padmasambhava rode on the back of a tigress, came here and sit meditation in this place.
Since then, this place has become a holy place of the people of Bhutan, one of the important pilgrimage which Bhutanese citizens must try to go at least once in their lifetime.
(To reach Taktsang Monastery, you have to climb about 3 hours - you can ride on a horse, go up about 2/3 of the way (expenses excluded) then to walk and climb about 850 stairs to get to the gate; go on foot in downwards).
Have lunch and dinner at a local restaurant.
Stay overnight at the hotel.
Day 7 : PARO - BANGKOK - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You get on the coach to the Paro international airport to catch the flight to Vietnam, transit in Bangkok.
Arrive in Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3.
End the interesting tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 7 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Bhutan
At Bhutan You can visit the following destinations Bhutan, Paro, PHOBJIKHA, PUNAKHA,
Taktsang, Thimphu Capital,
To know more about Bhutan Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Bhutan
IETRAVEL ® Copyright 2016.
All rights reserved.
Specify the source of "www.travel.com.vn" ® when using the information from this website
Head Office: 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
Telephone: (84-8) 3822 8898.
Fax: (84-8) 3829 9142.
Email : info@vietravel.com
"Business license number: 0300465937 issued by Department of Planning and Investment of Ho Chi Minh City on 27 September 2010"
License No.239/GP-TTDT issued by Administration of Radio, Television and Electronic Communication on 31 December 2008 31/12/2008
Vietravel toolbar | Privacy policy | Terms of use
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM
Mainland Territory: 330,951.1 sq.km
Population: 88,772.9 thousand inhabitants (Apr.2012)
National Capital: Ha Noi
Lying on the eastern part of the Indochinese peninsula, Viet Nam is a strip of land shaped like the letter “S”. China borders it to the north, Laos and Cambodia to the west, the East Sea to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the east and south.
The coastline is 3,260km long and the inland border is 4,510km.
The country’s total length from north to south is 1,650km. Its width, stretching from east to west, is 600km at the widest point in the north, 400km in the south, and 50km at the narrowest part, in the centre, in Quang Binh Province.
Latitude: 102º 08' - 109º 28' east
Longitude: 8º 02' - 23º 23' north
Viet Nam is also a transport junction from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific Ocean.
Climate: Viet Nam lies in the tropics and monsoon (detail)
Topography: Three quarters of Viet Nam's territory consist of mountains and hills (detail)
Administrative Units: Viet Nam is divided into 63 provinces and cities.
Climate
Viet Nam
Cat Cat Village (Sa Pa, Lao Cai Province)
The annual average temperatures range from 22oC to 27oC.
Every year there are 100 rainy days and the average rainfall is 1,500 to 2,000mm.
The humidity ranges around 80%.
In general, in Viet Nam there are two seasons, the cold season occurs from November to April and the hot season from May to October.
There are essentially four distinct seasons, which are most evident in the northern provinces(from Hai Van Pass toward to the north): Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter.
Sa Pa Ancient Rock Field (Lao Cai Province)
Ha Noi
Hoan Kiem Lake (Ha Noi)
In Ha Noi there are four distinct seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter.
The annual average temperature is 23.2oC, but in winter the average temperature is 17.2oC.
Hai Phong
Tam Bac Lake (Hai Phong City)
It's one province in the North then Hai Phong is influenced by a tropical monsoon climate too. There are 4 seasons and the annual average temperature is between 23oC and 24oC. Rainfall total is between 1,600 and 1,800mm. The weather is warm throughout the year.
Quang Ninh
Thua Thien Hue
Perfume River (Hue Ctiy)
It features a tropical monsoon climate, featuring all four distinct seasons: spring, summer, autumn and winter. The spring is cool and warm, the summer is hot, the autumn is cool and the winter is cold.
Average temperature is 25oC.
The best time for tourists is from November to April next year.
Da Nang
Its climate is tropical, with two distinct rainy and dry seasons.
The average annual temperature is between 28oC and 29oC, and storms hit the area every year in September and October.
Khanh Hoa
The climate here is oceanic tropical monsoon, but is quite mild.
The average annual temperature is 26.5oC.
Annual rainfall totals over 1,200mm.
Lam Dong
Love Valley (Da Lat City, Lam Dong Province)
Ho Chi Minh City
Ho Chi Minh City People's Committee Building
The climate is divided into two seasons, with the rainy season lasting from May to November.
The average annual temperature is 27.5oC without winter, and yearly rainfall totals 1,979mm.
Tourism is convenient for all 12 months of the year.
Ba Ria-Vung Tau
The climate here is tropical monsoon.
The average annual temperature is 27oC, rarely stormy, rich in sunshine.
Country's official name
At the beginning of the Bronze Age, the Viet tribe groups had settled down in the North and in the north of Central Viet Nam.
There were about 15 groups of Lac Viet tribesmen living mainly in the northern highland and delta and a dozen Au Viet groups of tribesmen living in Viet Bac, the northern region of old Viet Nam.
♦ Van Lang (2876 BC – 258 BC)
At that time, the two ethnic tribes of the Lac Viet and Au Viet lived together in many areas with other inhabitants.
Based on historical documents, researchers correlatively delineated the location of Van Lang Nation to the present day regions of North and north of Central Vietnam, as well as the south of present-day Kwangsi (China).
♦ Au Lac (257 BC – 207 BC)
In 221 BC, Qin Shihuangdi (Tan Thuy Hoang), King of Qin (China), invaded the land of the Viet tribes.
Thuc Phan, the leader of the alliance of Au-Viet tribes was respected as the chief of the resistance war against the Tan enemy that later, in 208 BC, was forced to withdraw.
With his imposing power, Thuc Phan nominated himself as King An Duong Vuong and founded Au Lac Nation with groups of Lac Viet and Au Viet tribes.
In 207 BC, Trieu Da, King of Nam Viet (China), invaded Au Lac country.
The resistance of An Duong Vuong failed soon after this invasion.
As a result, the northern feudalist took turns dominating the country over the next seven centuries, establishing their harsh regime in the country and dividing the country into administrative regions and districts with unfamiliar names. However, the country’s name of Au Lac could not be erased from the people’s minds in their everyday life.
♦ Van Xuan (544-602)
In the spring of 542, Ly Bi rose up in arms and swept away the Chinese administration, liberating the territory.
He declared himself King of Van Xuan Kingdom in February 544, acknowledging the national superiority complex of the independent spirits to live in eternal peace.
However, the existence of Ly Bi’s administration was very brief. He was defeated by the Chinese imperial army, and the country returned to feudal Chinese domination again in 602.
The name Van Xuan was restored only after the victory over the Han army at the Bach Dang River led by General Ngo Quyen in 938. This victory marked the end of the Chinese domination period in Viet Nam.
♦ Dai Co Viet (968 – 1054)
In 968, Dinh Bo Linh defeated the twelve lords and unified the country. He declared himself King and named the country Dai Co Viet.
This name remained throughout the Dinh Dynasty (968-980), Pre-Le Dynasty (980-1009) and the beginning of Ly Dynasty (1010-1225).
♦ Dai Viet (1054 – 1802)
In 1054, a flaming bright star appeared in the sky for many days, which was considered a good omen. As a result, the King Ly changed the name of the country to Dai Viet. This name remained until the end of Tran Dynasty (1126 - 1400).
The name Dai Viet remained under the Le Dynasty (1428-1788) and the Tay Son Dynasty (1788-1802).
♦ Dai Ngu (1400 – 1406)
In March 1400, Ho Quy Ly usurped the throne of King Tran Thieu De, founded the Ho Dynasty and changed the country’s name to Dai Ngu, meaning peace in the ancient language.
This name only lasted for very short time, until April 1407, when the Ming enemy invaded Dai Ngu and defeated the Ho Dynasty (1400- 1407).
♦ Viet Nam
In 1802, Nguyen Anh claimed his coronation to become the first King Nguyen, starting the Nguyen dynasty and changing the country’s name to Viet Nam. This name was officially recognized in many diplomatic missions in 1804.
However, the words "Viet Nam" had already appeared very early in history.
In the 14th century, there was a book of code entitled "Viet Nam the Chi", edited by Doctor Ho Tong Thoc.
In the book by scholar Nguyen Trai entitled "Du Dia Chi" at the beginning of 15th century; the words "Viet Nam" were repeated several times.
Doctor Trinh Nguyen Binh Khiem (1491-1585) had written on the first page of his work "Trinh Tien Sinh Quoc Ngu" the following: "...
Viet Nam have constructed its foundation..." The words "Viet Nam" were also found in some carved stelae of the 16th - 17th century in Bao Lam Pagoda, Haiphong (1558), in Cam Lo Pagoda, Ha Noi (1590), in Phuc Thanh Pagoda, Bac Ninh (1664), etc.
In particular, in the first sentence on the stele Thuy Mon Dinh (1670) at the landmark on the border at Lang Son, it was written: "This is the gateway of Viet Nam that guards the northern frontiers..." 
In terms of meaning, there are many theories that prove the words "Viet Nam" are created by combining two racial and geographic elements, which is understood as "Viet people from the south".
During the reign of King Minh Mang (1820-1840), the name of the country was changed to Dai Nam, but Viet Nam was still widely used in many literary works, civil business affairs, and social relations.
Following the triumph of the August Revolution on August 19th 1945, which had entirely swept away Vietnamese feudal and French colonial oppression and began a new era in the country, President Ho Chi Minh proclaimed the nation’s independence and the national name Democratic Republic of Viet Nam was born on September 2nd 1945.
Although Viet Nam suffered from war and separation in the following 30 years, the sacred words "Viet Nam" were very popularly used from the North to the South, and were deeply imprinted in the hearts of the Vietnamese people.
Following the liberation of Southern Viet Nam on April 30 1975, the entire country of Viet Nam was completely unified.
In the first meeting of the National Assembly of the Unified Viet Nam on July 2nd 1976, the assembly decided to name the country The Socialist Republic of Viet Nam.
The constitution of 1980, and 1992, continued its affirmation of the country’s official name, legally and actually.
Prehistoric Era
Prehistoric Era of Viet Nam include: Pre-Paleolithic Age and Neolithic Age.
♦ Pre-Paleolithic Age
Human civilization started in Viet Nam a very long time ago.
In fact, archaeologists have found vestiges of Homo Erectus in the caves of Lang Son and Nghe An Provinces.
During the Pre-Paleolithic Age, also known as the Son Vi Era, the population of Viet Nam was rather large and widespread.
♦ Neolithic Age
The people used sophisticated trimmed stone axes.
Foundation of the Nation
Metal Age (about 4,000 years ago):
Vietnam existed three major cultural centers: Phung Nguyen - Dong Son (The North), Long Thanh - Sa Huynh (The Centre) and Cau Sat, Doc Chua - Dong Nai (The South) from Bronze Age to Iron Age.
These three major cultural centers had close and long mutual relationship, contributed to specific traditional culture of Viet Nam.
It's unity in abundance.
♦ Van Lang Nation
Hung Vuong Museum (Phu Tho Province)
♦ Au Lac Nation
A few centuries later, An Duong Vuong founded the Au Lac Nation in the third century BC.
Records of this nation can be found in the annals written by the Chinese historian, Xi Ma Tin.
Remains of the Co Loa Citadel, which was built during the An Duong Vuong period, can still be seen today.
Co Loa Ancient Citadel (Ha Noi)
♦ Champa Nation
The Pre-Sa Huynh culture evolved in South Central Viet Nam during the Iron Age.
The people of this group lived between Thua Thien and the Dong Nai River Delta.
The Sa Huynh culture was founded by the ancestors of the Cham who founded the Champa Kingdom.
Champa Culture
Chinese domination period (1st century, BC - 10th century, AD)
International visitors to Viet Nam in April and 4 months of 2017
Update: Wednesday, April 26, 2017
Views:
International visitors to Viet Nam in April estimated 1,071,650 arrivals, increasing 6.5% over last month and up 34.0% over the same period last year.
Total international arrivals in 4 months reached 4,284,130 arrivals, increasing 30.3% over the same period last year.
International visitors to Viet Nam in March and 3 months of 2017
Update: Tuesday, March 28, 2017
Views:
International visitors to Viet Nam in March estimated 1,005,821 arrivals, decrease 16.1% over last month and up 21.1% over the same period last year.
Total international arrivals in 3 months reached 3,212,480 arrivals, increase 29.0% over the same period last year.
VNAT to promote Viet Nam’s tourism in China
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) will organize roadshow to promote Viet Nam’s tourism in Nanning, Fuzhou, Nanjing and Hefei cities, China from 11-20 May 2017.
China is one of the most largest source markets in the world.
According to China National Tourism Administration, in 2016, the number of China’s outbound tourists reached 122 million and total consumption reached $109.8 billion.
China is listed in the top leading markets sending tourists to Viet Nam. In 2016, Viet Nam welcomed 2,696,848 Chinese tourist arrivals, increasing by 51.4% over 2015, accounting for 27% of the total number of international tourist arrivals to Viet Nam.
The roadshow in China is part of the national tourism promotion program in 2017.
The roadshow is expected to attract the participation of numerous Chinese travel enterprises and media agencies.
Viet Nam wows international bloggers
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 28 April 2017, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) held a meeting with international bloggers after their trip exploring Ha Noi and Kong: Skull Island’s filming locations in Viet Nam.
Sharing his feeling, German blogger Longin Beznhard said that this trip was absolutely interesting and unexpected for them. They were totally impressed by the fascinating landscapes of Ha Noi, Ninh Binh, Quang Ninh and Quang Binh.
In the coming time, Viet Nam should keep promoting tourism via Hollywood blockbusters.
Speaking at the meeting, Mr.Ngo Hoai Chung – Vice Chairman of VNAT warmly welcomed the international bloggers on their visit to Viet Nam.
He emphasized that Kong: Skull Island brought Viet Nam a golden opportunity to popularize tourism.
He also informed the American director Jordan Vogt-Roberts has officially named Viet Nam’s Tourism Ambassador by the Vietnamese Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
Thanks to the positive influences of the film, tours “Following Kong’s footprint” has become very attractive to travellers within the country and overseas.
He hoped that after this trip the international bloggers would share their experiences about Viet Nam with their friends and international community, which would help further promote Viet Nam to the public and attract more visitors to Viet Nam.
International bloggers visit Kong: Skull Island’s filming locations in Viet Nam
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 22 April 2017, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) organized a welcome party for international bloggers to Viet Nam.
From 22-28 April, the group of 11 bloggers from Germany, France, Italy, Japan, Singapore, Indonesia and Taiwan will visit Ha Noi and some tourist spots in the provinces of Quang Ninh, Ninh Binh and Quang Binh - the filming locations of the blockbuster movie “Kong: Skull Island”.
At the meeting, Mr.Dinh Ngoc Duc - Director of Tourism Marketing Department (VNAT) expressed his pleasure to welcome the bloggers to Viet Nam.
He hoped that they will have a good trip and shared experiences with their friends and international tourists, contributing to promote Viet Nam tourism to the world.
On the first day in Viet Nam, the bloggers visited some famous attractions of Ha Noi such as Ngoc Son Temple, Thang Long Royal Citadel, Temple of Literature and enjoyed specialties as egg coffee, shrimp cake, spring roll...
The bloggers were very impressed with beautiful landscapes and delicious cuisine of Ha Noi.
After Ha Noi, the bloggers will move to Ha Long Bay (in Quang Ninh), Ninh Binh and Quang Binh and come back to Ha Noi on 28 April.
VNAT works with Finnish University Hub Project
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 21 April, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism’s (VNAT’s) Vice Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong had a meeting with Mr.Jouni Ahonen – Vice Rector of Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences (Finland), representative of Finnish University Hub Project.
The Finnish University Hub Project financed by Finnish Government aims at pursuing Viet Nam to set up a training centre which consists of English and Finnish language studies, basic academic studies; besides introduce Finland’s culture and economy.
The project also provides programs in preparation for Vietnamese students coming to Finland for bachelor’s or master’s studies.
Speaking at the meeting, Mr.Jouni Ahonen said they would like to study the demand for tourism occupational training and seek opportunity to cooperate with Viet Nam tourism industry.
Spoke highly of the Finnish University Hub Project in Viet Nam, VNAT’s Vice Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong stressed that Viet Nam always focuses on training high-quality human resource.
Currently, Viet Nam has many tourism training establishments and about 5,000 people involving tourism training activities, including 2,000 lecturers.
Vice Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong informed that Viet Nam is striving to develop tourism into a spearhead economic sector. Hence, there is a high demand for high-quality human resource.
The Project should collaborate with tourism occupational training facilities in Viet Nam to choose potential students for further training, which would help improve quality of tourism working force in Viet Nam.
VNAT’s Chairman Nguyen Van Tuan works with Korea Tourism Organization
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 9 April 2017, Chairman of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT), Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan had a meeting with President of Korea Tourism Organization (KTO), Mr.Jung Chang Soo.
According to Mr.Jung Chang Soo, marking the celebration of 25th Anniversary of Viet Nam – Korea diplomatic ties, various activities will take place in both two countries this year.
Of which, the starting event was the “Korea Days in Ha Noi 2017’’ from April 8-9.
In 2016, there were 1.5 million Korean visitors to Viet Nam and 250,000 Vietnamese visitors to Korea.
The Korea’s tourism sector highly valued tourist potential from Viet Nam and hoped to enhance the bilateral cooperation, Mr.Jung Chang Soo said.
Speaking at the meeting, VNAT’s Chairman Nguyen Van Tuan said that the number of Vietnamese visitors to Korea would increase in the coming time thanks to the effective cooperation between the tourism enterprises of Viet Nam and Korea and the positive influence of Korean cinema.
Chairman Nguyen Van Tuan proposed that Republic of Korea should loosen visa policy for Vietnamese tourists, for example apply visa exemption for Vietnamese tourist clients of some Vietnamese reputable travel agencies.
At the meeting, Chairman Nguyen Van Tuan also informed that Viet Nam received over 10 million int’l visitors in 2016, representing the growth of 26%.
Of the total, Chinese and Korean markets made the largest contribution, accounting for 27% and 15%, respectively.
In the first three months of 2017, the number of Korean visitors to Viet Nam reached 500,000 arrivals, and is expected to reach 2 million this year.
Republic of Korea has been considered as one of the leading tourist markets of Viet Nam tourism. VNAT would continue to strengthen cooperation with KTO in organizing cultural and tourism exchange activities, boost the number of tourists to the two countries.
At the Korea World Travel Fair (KOTFA) due in this June, Viet Nam will organize a series of activities to promote Viet Nam tourism to the Korean public.
VNAT welcomes tourism enterprises from the UK
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 11-16 October 2016, VNAT hosted a famtrip for tourism enterprises from the UK to explore Viet Nam’s tourism destinations and products.
In the famtrip, the delegation arrived in ‘Pearl Island of Phu Quoc’ where they had chance to explore the beauty of natural landscapes; learn about the features of the island with traditional villages, belief and culture of local people through some attractions such as pearl farm, fish sauce factory, Ho Quoc Pagoda - the largest religious building of the island; and visited Phu Quoc Prison – a special national relic.
Leaving Phu Quoc Island, the delegates spent some days in Ha Noi Capital that retained unique old and peaceful charm. They joined the city tour visiting well-known scenic spots including Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, One-pillar Pagoda, the Temple of Literature, the Ethnology Museum, Sword Lake, Ngoc Son Temple; a pedicab ride around the old quarters of Ha Noi; enjoying water puppet show; and visiting Bat Trang pottery village.
VNAT promotes Viet Nam tourism in Melbourne, Australia
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 5 October 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Viet Nam Embassy in Australia and Vietnam Airlines organized roadshow to promote Viet Nam tourism in Melbourne.
Viet Nam tourism potentials, new tourism products and policies, Ha Noi’s attractions, new products of Vietnam Airlines… were introduced to Australian partners.
Australia has been identified as one of the key source markets of Viet Nam tourism with high expenditure and long stay visitors.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed approximately 303 thousand Australian tourist arrivals.
VNAT works with Vietnam Airlines
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 20 September 2016, in Ha Noi, Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan - Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) had a meeting with representatives of Vietnam Airlines (VNA).
Agreed with VNA’s proposal, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan emphasized that China is one of the most important markets of Viet Nam tourism.
In 8 months of 2016, Viet Nam attracted about 1.8 million Chinese tourist arrivals. This number is expected to increase to 2.5 million by end of this year.
This year, VNAT organized roadshows introducing Viet Nam tourism in 3 cities of Tianjin, Guiyang and Guangzhou and will continue to promote Viet Nam tourism in China and welcome a Chinese Famtrip to visit Ha Noi, Hai Phong, Phu Quoc, Mr.Tuan added.
At the meeting, the two sides agreed to work further with Da Nang City and relevant agencies to build plan for organizing the mentioned events.
Viet Nam attends IFTM Top Resa 2016 in France
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From September 20 – 23, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Ha Noi Tourism Department participate in the International French Travel Market (IFTM) Top Resa.
Viet Nam Tourism's booth at the IFTM Top Resa
In 2015, there was 211,636 French arrivals to Viet Nam, being the biggest source market among Western European countries.
In the first 8 months of 2016, Viet Nam received 166,091 French arrivals, increasing 13.4% over the same period last year.
France and 4 other Western European countries (United Kingdom, Germany, Italy and Spain) have enjoyed one-year visa extension approved by the Vietnamese Government since July 1, 2016.
Some photos of activities at the IFTM Top Resa:
VNAT attends the training program on tourism development cooperation in Yunnan Province, China
Update: Friday, September 14, 2016
Views:
(TITC) - In order to enhance tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and China and also further tighten the relationship between the two countries, from 10 to 17 September 2016, the delegation of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) attends the training program on tourism development cooperation in Kunming City, Yunnan Province, China.
Ms. Pham Le Thao - Deputy Director of Travel Department (VNAT) speaking at the opening ceremony of the program
VNAT’s delegation led by Ms.Pham Le Thao – Deputy Director of Travel Department will participate in exchange and training activities on tourism development cooperation, including seminars of “Viet Nam – China tourism cooperation”, “Human resource management in tourism enterprises”, “Overview of Yunnan tourism”, “Multinational tourism cooperation – Rule and policy”, and so on; 
exchange program between tourism enterprise managers and officers of Viet Nam and China; survey trip in some tourist sites in Kunming City, etc.
As the South-western province of China, Yunnan borders Lao Cai and Ha Giang provinces of Viet Nam. Therefore, Yunnan Province is considered as the link of economic corridor between Viet Nam and China.
In many years, China is always the leading market sending visitors to Viet Nam.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed 1.78 million Chinese visitor arrivals.
By the end of August 2016, international visitors to Viet Nam reached about 6.45 million arrivals, of which includes 1.75 million Chinese ones.
Consultation meeting on updating the GMS Tourism Strategy
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 13 September 2016, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Mekong Tourism Coordinating Office (MTCO) organized the Consultation meeting on updating the Greater Mekong Sub-region (GMS) Tourism Strategy.
In his speech, Mr.Ha Van Sieu – Deputy Director General of VNAT appreciated that the Tourism Working Group and MTCO successfully implemented Tourism Strategy 2005-2015.
In 2015, GMS welcomed 57.8 million international tourist arrivals, 5.6 million higher than the planned number of 52.2 million; total tourism receipts reached USD 63.7 billion, increasing by USD 11.3 billion comparing to the target of USD 52.4 billion.
He also emphasized that the revised strategy should take into account development situation, opportunities and challenges of the sub-region; be appropriate with ASEAN tourism development strategy and plan; and encourage the participation of private sector, partner countries, international organizations in implementing GMS Tourism Strategy.
According to Dr.Walter Jamieson – a GMS tourism expert, the draft strategy for the new period includes strategic directions of:
Development of human resource;
Tourism infrastructure development;
Enhancing responsible service and experience;
Implementing creative tourism marketing and promotion campaigns;
Travel facilitation within the sub-region.
At the meeting, the participants discussed the vision, strategic directions, coherence between tourism development strategy of Viet Nam and GMS, involvement of business community and donors in implementing the strategy…
The meetings held in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, Viet Nam and China aim to consult these countries about updating GMS Tourism Strategy 2016-2025.
Promoting tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Japan
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 9 September 2016, Japan Association of Travel Agents (JATA) organized a seminar to promote tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Japan.
In his speech, Mr.Ngo Hoai Chung – Deputy Director General of VNAT emphasized that Viet Nam tourism has identified Japan as one of the key source markets.
In recent years, Japan has ranked in top 5 leading source markets.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed 671,000 Japanese tourist arrivals, up 3.6% over 2014.
In 8 months of 2016, this number reached 482,358, up 12.1% over the same period last year.
The number of Vietnamese tourists to Japan has constantly increased in recent years with 185,000 arrivals in 2015 (+49%) and 122,836 arrivals in 6 months of 2016.
Tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Japan has increasingly been tightened, especially after the approval of joint statement on tourism cooperation between the two countries in 2005 and the establishment of Viet Nam-Japan Tourism Cooperation Committee.
The two sides have supported each other in organizing promotional activities.
Annually, Viet Nam participated in JATA Tourism Expo, holding various workshops and roadshows to promote Viet Nam tourism to Japanese public, welcomed Japanese famtrips and presstrips…
At the seminar, Mr.Chung proposed Japan to waive visa for Vietnamese citizens to boost tourists exchange between the two countries.
Viet Nam has exempted visa for Japanese visitors since 2014.
To strengthen tourism cooperation in the coming time, the two sides should focus on boosting tourists exchange, developing human resources, investment in tourism development, travel facilitation and tourism promotion.
At the seminar, the representative of JATA 
Training course for 4-5 star hotel managers held in Ha Noi
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 13-15 September 2016, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Ha Noi Department of Tourism organized Training course on 4-5 star hotel management skills for 20 hotel managers in Ha Noi.
Mr. Vu Van Thanh - Director of Hotel Department (VNAT) emphasized that the training course aimed to improve knowledge, skills for participants and provided an opportunity for them to share experience in management, training…, in service of increasing demands of tourists.
In the training course, experts from EU-ESRT Project and the participants discussed important skills for management of lobby, room, food and beverage, finance, marketing...
VNAT introduces source markets of North America, Australia and New Zealand
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – In the framework of International Travel Expo 2016 (ITE-HCMC 2016), on 9 September 2016, in Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) organized seminars on outbound tourism markets of North America, Australia and New Zealand.
In his speech, Mr.Ha Van Sieu – Deputy Director General of VNAT emphasized the importance of market research and called for closer cooperation of business community, localities and researchers with VNAT in terms of market research and sharing information for tourism promotion.
At the seminar, the speakers provided useful information about source markets and also recommended solutions to attract more tourists from these markets to Viet Nam in the coming time.
According to Mr.Oliver Martin from Twenty 31 Consulting (Canada), Viet Nam should focus on visa facilitation, enhancement of air connectivity and tourism environment.
Currently, the lack of direct flights between Viet Nam and USA, Canada and few direct flights between Viet Nam and Australia also create barriers to tapping these potential markets.
In 2015, tourist arrivals to Viet Nam from USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand achieved 491 thousand, 105 thousand, 303 thousand and 31 thousand, respectively.
Introducing Viet Nam tourism in China
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 21-28 August 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) organized roadshows introducing Viet Nam tourism in 3 cities of Tianjin, Guiyang and Guangzhou, in China.
The delegation led by Deputy Director General of VNAT, Mr.Ngo Hoai Chung with the attendances of Khanh Hoa Department of Tourism, Vietnamese travel agents, Viet Nam Television and Vietnamese artists.
The first roadshow held in Tianjin City on 22 August attracted about 500 delegates including representatives of Tianjin Municipal Tourism Bureau, the Minister Counselor of the Vietnamese Embassy in China, representatives of Chinese tourism enterprises and media agencies.
Speaking at the roadshow, Deputy Director General Ngo Hoai Chung introduced Viet Nam’s tourism potentials and affirmed Viet Nam’s policies to facilitate travel of tourists and cooperation of tourism enterprises between the two countries.
Tianjin is known as an important port city, connecting more than 10 provinces, cities of China, with its population of over 15 million. In 2015, there were about 1 million tourists from Tianjin travelling abroad, according to the representative of Tianjin Municipal Tourism Bureau.
The air connection between Viet Nam and China has been increasingly expanded, particularly charter flights to Nha Trang, Viet Nam which contributed significantly to growth of tourist exchange.
On 24 and 26 August, VNAT organized two roadshows in Guiyang and Guangzhou cities which had 150 participants from local tourism enterprises and media agencies.
At the events, Guiyang Municipal Tourism Bureau and Guangzhou Tourism Association warmly welcomed the Vietnamese delegations and appreciated Viet Nam’s tourism promotion activities in China.
Chinese has become a key market of Viet Nam tourism with the total visitor number of 1.7 million arrivals in 2015 and 1,752,526 arrivals in the first eight months of 2016.
VNAT is expected to hold the second tourism promotion campaign in China in November.
Viet Nam develops sustainable tourism in the era of climate change
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 17 August 2016, a conference on sustainable tourism development in the era of climate change was held by Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) with the technical support of the Environmentally and Socially Responsible Tourism Capacity Development (ESRT) Program funded by the European Union (EU-ESRT Project).
Speaking at the conference, Deputy Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Ms.Dang Thi Bich Lien 
In Viet Nam, climate change has direct impacts on almost sectors as agriculture, fisheries, tourism, trade, etc, particularly, heritage sites and coastal areas.
According to Mr.Bruno Angelet - Head of EU Delegation to Viet Nam, climate change is a critical issue for Viet Nam.
The EU-funded ESRT Program with its technical assistance has contributed to raising awareness not only of environmental issues, but also of destination management.
VNAT to organize famtrip to Iran
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Viet Nam Embassy in Iran have planned to organize a famtrip to explore Iran tourism in December 2016.
Accordingly, the famtrip delegation will explore Tehran Capital and some surrounding tourist spots in 5-7 days.
Being a Middle Eastern country, Iran is located in West Asia and has its own unique cultural features with population of nearly 80 million people (by July 2013).
Iran is a potential tourism source market for Viet Nam tourism.
This will also be a good opportunity for Viet Nam tourism businesses to lure more visitors from the Middle East and send customers to the countries in this region, vice versa.
Before that, from 26 to 31 May 2016, VNAT, Ha Noi Department of Tourism and Vietravel coordinated to receive Iranian famtrip delegation exploring Viet Nam’s tourism products and services.
The Iranian famtrip delegation visited some destinations in Ha Noi, Ha Long, Hue, Da Nang, Hoi An and Ho Chi Minh City.
VNAT to promote Viet Nam tourism in Australia
Update:
Views:
(TITC) - Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) planned to organize roadshows to promote Vietnam tourism in Sydney and Melbourne cities, Australia from 4 to 9 September 2016.
The roadshows aim to promote Viet Nam’s tourism potential and tourism products to Australian public; provide opportunity for Vietnamese tourism enterprises to seek cooperation with Australian travel agencies, research demand of Australian tourists.
In the framework of the program, VNAT will held such activities as introducing policies, new tourism products and services suitable for Australian market; B2B meeting between businesses of the two sides; traditional music performances…
Being a developed country, Australia boasts the world's 12th largest economy and population of 23.1 million people (2014).
Australia has a diverse culture thanks to the historical immigration.
Australians love to travel and usually choose destinations in Asia - Pacific.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed 303,721 Australian tourist arrivals.
In 7 months of 2016, this number reached 195,711 arrivals, up 6.6% over the same period last year.
VNAT organizes Seminar on promoting Viet Nam – Gifu tourism
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 20 July 2016, the Seminar on promoting Viet Nam – Gifu tourism took place in Gifu, Japan.
The event was organized by Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Bank for Investment and Development of Viet Nam (BIDV) and Gifu Prefecture in order to boost tourism development cooperation between the two sides.
The seminar was presided by Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan – Director General of VNAT.
At the seminar, representatives of cities of Takayama, Gujo, Seki; Shirakawa-go Village – World Heritage Site and JTB tourism enterprise shared experiences in tourism development in relation to the preservation of cultural heritage and traditional craft villages.
In his speech, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan emphasized that these experiences would be very useful for Vietnamese localities in tourism development.
He proposed Gifu and Vietnamese localities to strengthen cooperation to boost tourists exchange between the two sides.
In 2015, the total number of Vietnamese tourists to Japan reached 185,000 arrivals, of which about 2,500 visited Gifu.
Located in the central region of Japan, with the population of 2.5 million
Gifu is endowed with such popular destinations as Gujo City, ancient village of Shirakawa-go, Takayama City…
In recent years, thanks to the support of BIDV, Gifu Prefectural Government has been pushing efforts to seek opportunities for cooperation between Gifu and Vietnamese localities.
At the seminar, representatives of the Vietnamese delegation introduced potentials and products of Viet Nam tourism, preferential policies for investment and also raised the issues to be resolved to improve the efficiency of cooperation and tourism promotion between the two sides.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed 671,000 Japanese tourist arrivals, increase 3.6% over 2014.
In six months of 2016, the number of Japanese tourists to Viet Nam reached 356,000 arrivals, up 12.4% over the same period last year.
185,000 Vietnamese tourist arrivals traveled to Japan in 2015, increasing 49% over 2014.
Vietnamese leading tourism enterprises honored
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On the occasion of 56th anniversary of Viet Nam's tourism sector (July 9, 1960-2016), on 09 July, at the Ha Noi Opera House, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Viet Nam Tourism Association (VITA) held a ceremony to announce the winners of 17th Viet Nam Tourism Award.
At the ceremony, 105 Vietnamese leading tourism enterprises were awarded
Director General Nguyen Van Tuan meets Head of Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Ha Noi
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On 4 May 2016, Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT), Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan had a meeting with Head of Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Ha Noi, Mr.Shi Rui Qi.
Highly valueing good relationship between Viet Nam and Taiwan, Mr.Shi Rui Qi indicated that two sides has effectively implemented many cooperation activities in tourism field in terms of investment, promotion, human resource training, information exchange and product development.
Mr. Shi Rui Qi informed that the number of Vietnamese tourists to Taiwan grew by 70 percent since Taiwan piloted preferential visa policy for high-end tour groups from Asian emerging markets, including Viet Nam (from 1 Nov 2015). He also proposed Viet Nam to consider visa facilitation by applying e-visa or visa on arrival to increase Taiwanese tourist arrivals to Viet Nam.
Speaking at the meeting, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan confirmed that travel facilitation has always been one of the priorities in Viet Nam’s tourism policy, including visa procedures.
For fostering tourists exchange between Viet Nam and Taiwan, the two sides should continue to cooperate in expanding air connections between Viet Nam and Taiwan as well as improving air services; organizing tourism promotion activities; raising liability of international tour operators in managing their clients abroad.
In the coming time, Viet Nam will develop quality tourism products in conformity with the taste and demand of Taiwanese tourists at destinations.
VNAT works with Tianjin Municipal Tourism Bureau (China)
Update: Tuesday, April 12, 2016
Views:
(TITC) – On 11 April 2016, in Ha Noi, Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT), Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan had a meeting with the delegation of Tianjin Municipal Tourism Bureau (China) led by Director General Yang Shi Hao.
Tianjin is one of the most developed cities in the North of China with approximately 15 million inhabitants and GDP per capita reaching over USD 17,000.
Tianjin receives attention from visitors due to its culture of Northern China, in harmony with Western ancient architecture.
The city welcomed around 3.2 million international tourist arrivals and 171 million domestic trippers per year; and there were about 1 million Tianjinese citizens travelling abroad per year, of which Viet Nam received above 100,000 arrivals (accounting for one-third of the number of Tianjinese tourists to Southeast Asian destinations).
Mr. Yang Shi Hao informed that Tianjinese in particular and Chinese in general love sea and leisure tourism in Viet Nam, particularly Nha Trang and Da Nang.
Especially, since charter flights from Tianjin to Nha Trang was launched in September 2015, the number of Chinese tourists to Nha Trang has been increasing significantly.
In 2015, there were about 40,000 Tianjinese passengers to Viet Nam by charter flights.
Besides, Tianjin has also become a transit hub for tourists from Beijing, Guangzhou to Viet Nam by charter flights.
Director General Nguyen Van Tuan suggested that beside Nha Trang and Da Nang, Viet Nam has many fascinate destinations namely Ha Long Bay, Son Doong Cave, Phu Quoc Island.
Furthermore, the accommodations in Viet Nam of high quality could meet increasing demand of tourists.
Viet Nam welcomed nearly 8 million international arrivals in 2015, of which the number of the Chinese reached 1.8 million arrivals; and around 2.5 million international tourists in the first 3 months of 2016, including more than 580,000 Chinese arrivals.
Director General Nguyen Van Tuan also supposed that Viet Nam would become a potential source market of Tianjin thanks to its population of over 90 million and the increasing number of high income travellers.
Hence, Tianjin should further promotion efforts to attract Vietnameses.
He emphasized that the two sides should utilize the tourism potentials and advantages to further strengthen tourism cooperation.
In the coming time, the two sides should focus on some issues as: facilitating tourists travelling; boosting tourism promotion through roadshows, travel marts; host famtrips, presstrips…
By the end of this year, VNAT planned to organize a famtrip for leading tourism enterprises and media in Tianjin to Phu Quoc Island with the aim of promoting Phu Quoc as well as Viet Nam’s image to Tianjinese citizens and all Chineses.
Viet Nam, Russia boost tourism cooperation
Update: Saturday, April 16, 2016
Views:
(TITC) - On 15 April, in Ha Noi, conference on tourism development cooperation between Viet Nam – Russia was jointly organized by Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT), Russian Federal Agency for Tourism (FAT) and Viet Nam Tourism Association (VITA).
Speaking at the conference, Director General of VNAT, Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan spoke highly of close cooperation relationship between Viet Nam and Russia for years, particularly in tourism cooperation.
In the 2011-2015 period, the number of Russian tourists to Viet Nam recorded year-on-year growth of 35.6 percent, from over 100,000 arrivals to nearly 340,000 arrivals.
In the first quarter of 2016, Viet Nam received about 110,000 Russian arrivals, up 13 percent over the same period last year.
Russia has become one of top 7 international source markets of Viet Nam.
Recently, tourism infrastructure and facilities in Viet Nam have been improved to meet the increasing demand of tourists.
Accommodation system has been developed in both quality and quantity.
The number of qualified foreign language-speaking tour guides, including Russian-speaking tour guides has increased significantly.
Furthermore, Viet Nam tourism sector is focusing on promoting 4 product types of sea, island tourism, culture tourism, nature tourism, and city tourism.
According to Deputy Head of Russian Federal Agency for Tourism Sergei Korneev, the number of Russians travelling abroad saw a remarkable decrease (-40%) from the end of 2014 to 2015 due to economic difficulties, however, it has rapidly rebounded from the beginning of 2016.
In addition, Russian tourists tend to seek new suitable destinations.
Mr. Sergey Korneev said Viet Nam is known as a safe, attractive destination with tourism products matching with Russian tourists’ taste.
Viet Nam should continue to boost promotion, create proper tourism products with competitive prices, invest in large-scale hotels and full-package services and cooperate with tourism enterprises in Russia in order to attract Russian tourists.
He informed that a representative office of the FAT in Southeast Asia named “Visit Russia” is officially opened in Viet Nam on 14 April (at 49 Hai Ba Trung Street, Ha Noi City).
This is the eighth representative office of the FAT in the world, aiming to introduce Russian tourism products to tourists in Viet Nam and the region.
At the conference, Vice Chaiman of VITA, Mr.Vu The Binh announced that VITA has signed with Phu Yen, Binh Dinh provinces and tourism enterprises to launch some promotional programs for Russian tourists. Besides, VITA will support the FAT to hold promotion activities in Viet Nam; collaborate with Visit Russia to popularize Russian tourism to Vietnamese citizens.
VITA also plans to establish Viet Nam – Russia outbound Club which will gather travel agencies in Viet Nam sending tourists to Russia.
He proposed Russia to simplify the entry-exit procedures to facilitate travelling for Vietnameses.
All delegates highlighted the need of strengthening tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Russia. The both sides should consider to facilitate travelling, simplify entry-exit procedures while raising responsibility of tourism enterprises in managing tourists abroad; create price-competitive tours; diversify tourism products; ensure security and safety of destinations; popularize tourism information; and host famtrips, presstrips...
Award Ceremony of ASEAN Green Hotel and ASEAN Homestay
Update:
Views: 641
(TITC) - In the framework of conference on building Viet Nam tourism’s brand development strategy until 2025, vision to 2030, on April 16th, 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) held a ceremony to award ASEAN Green Hotel and ASEAN Homestay.
ASEAN Green Hotel standard was built by ASEAN member states since 2006 and announced in Thailand in 2008 and Brunei in 2012.
Each ASEAN member state may nominate up to ten hotels to honor this ASEAN Green Hotel Award every year.
ASEAN Homestay standard was built by ASEAN member states since 2011 and announced in 2012.
There are five ASEAN homestay groups awarded every year, including five homestays of each member state for one group.
10 hotels receiving ASEAN Green Hotel Award include: Ben Thanh – Rex, Chains Caravelle, Cuu Long – Majestic, Dong Khoi – Grand;
 Intercontinental Hanoi Westlake, Six Senses Ninh Van Bay, Sheraton Saigon, Equatorial Ho Chi Minh City, Sunrise Nha Trang and Hoang Anh Dat Xanh Dalat Resort.
This is the first year Viet Nam has 3 ASEAN Homestays awarded including Homestay groups awarded in Bac Ha District, Lao Cai Province; 
community based-tourism site in Lac Hamlet, Mai Chau District, Hoa Binh Province and An Bang Seaside Village Homestay, Hoi An City, Quang Nam Province.
For his part, Deputy General Director of VNAT Ha Van Sieu emphasized the value of green - an important factor of sustainable development and a value to build tourism brand.
He highly appriciated the contributions, innovations, experiences and environmental friendly solutions of tourist accommodations which were awarded. He hoped that the award will inspire a new movement for accomodation owners in Viet Nam to improve their standard and competitiveness capacity.
International workshop on “E-marketing in tourism promotion and E-commerce in tourism business”
Update: Friday
Views:
(TITC) – In the framework of VITM Hanoi 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) coordinated with Viet Nam Tourism Association to hold International workshop on “E-marketing in tourism promotion and E-commerce in tourism business”.
The workshop was a chance for tourism managers, experts and enterprises to exchange and share information about e-marketing and e-commerce, modern applications and practical application capacity in the context of the growth of traveling demand and information technology.
According to tourism experts, Viet Nam is one of the safest destinations in the region and has great potential for tourism development.
In the recent years, the e-commerce business in Viet Nam has tended to develop, particularly in tourism sector through booking tours, hotel reservation and purchasing airline tickets online....
Online information is considered as one of significant factors affecting tourist decision.
Therefore, tourism businesses and management agencies should timely catch up with the above trend to adapt with current context.
Speaking at the workshop, Deputy General Director of VNAT Ha Van Sieu highly appreciated experts’ introduction on e-marketing and e-commerce applications.
The development of e-marketing in tourism promotion and e-commerce in tourism business is an important factor to enhance competitive capacity.
He added, VNAT will facilitate tourism businesses and tightly coordinate with int’l organizations to apply these applications into tourism development.
At the workshop, the participants also discussed on the safe transaction through network; financial investment and mobilization for e-marketing in tourism promotion…
VNAT receives Presidential letter of commendation for its contribution to social welfare
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 30 March 2016, at the Presidential Palace in Ha Noi, President Truong Tan Sang met agencies, organizations, businesses and individuals who have significantly contributed to the social welfare in the period 2011-2016.
In attendance was Vice President Nguyen Thi Doan.
VNAT honorably received the Presidential letter of commendation for its positive contribution to poverty reduction through various policies and programs fostering community-based tourism, responsible tourism and improving the quality of life for people in less developed areas.
The President hoped that in the coming time, agencies, organizations, businesses and individuals nationwide continue to strive for a more civilized, just, democratic, and prosperous country.
ASEAN Tourism Committee Meetings 2016 kick off
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On 4 April 2016, the ASEAN Tourism Committee Meetings 2016 was launched in Quang Ninh Province, Viet Nam with the participation of approximately 70 international delegates from national tourism authorities and international organizations in ASEAN region.
From 4-5 April, the meetings took place with two workshops on ”Opportunities, potentials and challenges of implementing the ASEAN Mutual Recognition Arrangement on Tourism Professionals (MRA-TP)” and “Improving the ASEAN tourism competitiveness”.
In the framework of the meetings, on late 4 April, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) hosted a dinner reception to welcome all delegates attending the meetings.
In his speech, Deputy Director General of VNAT.Mr.Ha Van Sieu expressed his delight at the presence of all guests and hoped that the meetings’ outcomes would be soon implemented through concrete cooperation projects on promotion activities, travel facilitation, human resource training and development programs, tourism investment cooperation which contribute to strengthening cultural exchange, mutual understanding, friendship and comprehensive cooperation among ASEAN member countries.
At the dinner reception, the guests had chance to enjoy Vietnamese traditional dances and folk songs – one of the unique features creating the attractiveness of Viet Nam tourism to international tourists.
As scheduled, on 6 April, the delegates will continue to discuss on “ASEAN sustainable and inclusive tourism development” and “ASEAN tourism resourcing, monitoring and evaluation”; and tour Ha Long Bay on 7 April.
VNAT works with Ambassador of Italy in Viet Nam
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On March 29th 2016, Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) Nguyen Van Tuan had a meeting with Ambassador of Italy in Viet Nam, Mrs.Cecilia Piccioni.
At the meeting, Mrs.Cecilia Piccioni informed in the coming time, a delegation of famous Rai Television of Italy will arrive in Viet Nam to make a reportage film about Viet Nam’s tourism, culture, history, and economy as well as the cooperation relationship between the two countries.
The filming will last within 10 days.
This will be a good chance to promote Viet Nam’s beauty and people to Europe and attract more int’l tourist to the country, she added.
For his part, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan highly appreciated the plan of Rai Television and affirmed that VNAT will best support Italian film makers during their trip in Viet Nam.
Mr. Tuan emphasized that Italy is a country of unique cultural quintessence and the two countries have a huge tourist exchange potential.
Therefore, he hoped that Italian Government will ease visa procedures to facilitate Vietnamese tourists visiting Italy and Europe in the future.
VNAT disseminates ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025 and tourism integration related issues
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On 30 March 2016, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) organized the conference on dissemination of ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025 and tourism integration related issues.
Overview of the conference
This was a forum for managers, policymakers, experts and businesses to share experiences, identify new opportunities and challenges in the integration process of Viet Nam.
The conference provides practical information for the management, planning and operation of the stakeholders in the sector, especially tourism enterprises.
Deputy Director General of VNAT Ha Van Sieu speaks at the conference
In his opening speech, Deputy Director General of VNAT Ha Van Sieu informed that ASEAN Tourism Ministers officially announced ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025 at ASEAN Tourism Forum (ATF) 2016 in Philippines.
ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025 focuses on developing ASEAN tourism on base of unique values of member countries while ensuring responsibility, sustainability and balance.
He hoped that the participants would fully understand opportunities and challenges in the new context in order to actively integrate into the world’s tourism.
The conference focuses on the contents of ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025; Project for strengthening ASEAN Economic Community integration in the field of tourism; implementation of Mutual Recognition Arrangement on Tourism Professionals (MRA-TP); Viet Nam’s commitments in terms of tourism in the framework of WTO, AEC and Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP). The participants agreed that Viet Nam tourism should continue to enhance cooperation between public and private sectors, promote the active role of the private sector and improve the competitiveness.
Viet Nam promotes tourism in the world’s leading travel trade show ITB Berlin 2016
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 9 – 13 March 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Viet Nam Tourism Association, localities and businesses participated in ITB Berlin 2016.
ITB Berlin is the largest trade show of the worldwide travel industry which has been organized for 50 years.
The fair attracted the participation of over 185 countries, more than 850 buyers, more than 10,000 exhibitors and more than 115,000 trade visitors.
This year, there were 50 Vietnamese tour operators, hotels and airlines participating in ITB Berlin.
With the area of 200m2, Viet Nam tourism’s booth gathered 28 Vietnamese tour operators and hotels.
Viet Nam tourism’s booth welcomes the presence of Secretary-General of UNWTO Taleb Rifai and Vietnamese Ambassador to Germany Doan Xuan Hung
At ITB Berlin 2016, Viet Nam tourism attracted increased attention of major tourist markets, especially Western Europe.
In particular, media agencies wanted to cooperate with Viet Nam tourism industry in promoting tourism in German market and the world.
German travel agencies wanted to seek information and establish partnerships to bring more German tourists to Viet Nam.
In the framework of the fair, VNAT hold a night cocktail party in order to create opportunities for Vietnamese and international businesses to exchange and expand cooperation.
In attendance were Mr.Taleb Rifai - Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization (UNWTO), Mr.Doan Xuan Hung – Vietnamese Ambassador to Germany, Mr.Jungen Klinke - Member of German Parliament (in charge of the tourism sector in the Committee on Economic Cooperation and Development of German Parliament), representatives of Vietnam Airlines, Viet Nam Tourism Association, tourism businesses and international media.
In his speech at the party, Mr.Taleb Rifai highly valued Viet Nam tourism’s achievements and emphasized that Viet Nam should continue to focus on developing tourism products, human resources and sustainable development projects.
Secretary-General of UNWTO Taleb Rifai visits Viet Nam tourism’s booth
Secretary-General of UNWTO Taleb Rifai speaks at the party
Vietnamese Ambassador to Germany Doan Xuan Hung speaks at the party
Secretary-General of UNWTO Taleb Rifai in an interview
VNAT in collaboration with Vietnam Airlines and Viet Nam Tourism Association also organized a press conference to introduce new tourism products, services and major tourism events in 2016 and 2017.
The press conference attracted nearly 80 German and European tour operators and media agencies, who paid attention to visa policy, international air connectivity, information on English language, marketing campaign, especially e-marketing.
Director General of VNAT Nguyen Van Tuan speaks at the press conference
Participants in the press conference
Besides, Director General of VNAT Nguyen Van Tuan together with Tourism Minister, Ambassadors and leaders of tourism authorities of ASEAN countries launched the campaign of VisitASEAN@50 of ASEAN tourism in response to the 50th Anniversary of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), contributing to the development of ASEAN Economic Community (AEC) officially founded in 2016.
VNAT meets Tourism Authority of Thailand in Viet Nam
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On 10 March 2016, in Ha Noi, Mr.Ha Van Sieu, Deputy Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) had a meeting with Mrs.Napasorn Kakai – Director of Office of Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) in Viet Nam.
At the meeting, Mrs.Napasorn Kakai informed that Thailand Travel Mart Plus (TTM+) 2016 will be held from 8 – 10 June 2016 at Chiang Mai International Convention and Exhibition Center.
The international mart attracts the participation of many countries, focusing on trade and tourism promotion.
Mrs.Napasorn Kakai invited VNAT to attend TTM+ 2016 which provides the opportunity for each country to introduce tourism to media agencies in Thailand.
Mrs.Napasorn Kakai hoped in the coming time, Thailand and Viet Nam will enhance tourism promotion to increase the exchange of tourists between the two countries.
In March, TAT will organize a famtrip delegation, including representatives of 3 Viet Nam's tourism businesses to explore Bangkok, Chiang Mai and Phuket.
In May, Bangkok Airways will open direct flight Bangkok - Da Nang, operating 4 flights per week, which facilitates tourists in the Central of Viet Nam to Bangkok and vice versa.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy General Director Ha Van Sieu appreciated effective contribution of TAT to boosting tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Thailand.
Viet Nam also strives for attracting more international tourists, including Thai Lan tourists, to Viet Nam.
Mr.Sieu hoped the opening of direct flight Bangkok - Da Nang will enhance tourists exchange between Viet Nam and Thailand.
Besides, the two countries should share information about the promotional plans and activities in order to support each other in participating in tourism events.
On this occasion, Deputy Director General Ha Van Sieu invited Thailand to attend upcoming tourism events in Viet Nam such as VITM Hanoi 2016, the International Tourism Fair of Da Nang 2016, ITE HCMC 2016...
VNAT meets KinderWorld Education Group - Singapore
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 24 March 2016, in Ha Noi, Mr.Ha Van Sieu, Deputy Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism had a meeting with Mr.Ricky Tan – Chairman of KinderWorld Education Group, Singapore.
KinderWorld Education Group has been offering high-quality international education in Asia since 1986.
In Viet Nam, KinderWorld has been investing in building ecological complexes Pegasus in some localities such as Vinh Phuc, Thanh Hoa, Da Nang, Binh Dinh... 
Pegasus Investment and Consultancy JSC of KinderWorld Group is providing training programs according to international standards as well as ASEAN and Viet Nam standards, including Viet Nam Tourism Occupational Standards 2013 (VTOS).
At the meeting, Mr.Ricky Tan proposed VNAT to support Pegasus in terms of skills training for Vietnamese tourism employees and participation in human resource development projects of Viet Nam tourism.
Deputy Director General Ha Van Sieu highly valued training capacity and investment projects of KinderWorld Group in Viet Nam.
Sieu assigned Viet Nam Tourism Certification Board (VTCB) to exchange with Pegasus on legal framework in field of training and vocational certification.
In the coming time, VNAT will support Kinderworld Group in human resource training in Viet Nam.
Viet Nam to participate in the largest international tourism exhibition in Russia
Update: Views:
(TITC) – From 23 – 26 March 2016, Viet Nam will participate in the 23rd Moscow International Travel and Tourism (MITT) Exhibition 2016 in the Expocentre in Moscow’s city centre (Russia Federation) with the aim to promote the country’s tourism and seek opportunity to cooperate with international partners.
Attending MITT Exhibition 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) will collaborate with Vietnam Airlines to build a booth of Viet Nam tourism covering 72m2 with the participation of several localities, tourism associations, tourism enterprises and Vietnamese artists.
In the framework of the exhibition, Viet Nam delegation will organize a series of tourism promotion activities.
Particularly, a press conference held on 23 March 2016 is expected to attract about 100 international tourism enterprises and media agencies.
In addition, VNAT will have meetings with tourism authorities of some nations, Russian tourism association and international tourism businesses.
At the Viet Nam’s booth, many art performances will also take place to introduce Vietnamese culture and arts to visitors.
Held annually in Moscow since 1994, MITT Exhibition attracted the participation of national tourism boards, tourism enterprises from more than 200 countries and territories.
This is the largest tourism exhibition in Russia and considered as one of top 5 events of the tourism industry in the world.
MITT 2016 is a good chance to promote Viet Nam’s image and people to international friends, especially to Russians – an important source market of Viet Nam tourism.
Viet Nam to attend International Tourism Fair ITB Berlin 2016
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 9 to 13 March 2016, International Tourism Fair ITB Berlin 2016 will be held at CityCube Berlin Convention Centre (Berlin, Germany).
The Vietnamese delegation led by Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism with some localities, tourism associations, tourism enterprises and artists will attend the event.
ITB is one of the largest tourism fairs in the world.
This is an opportunity for tourism businesses to meet and co-operate and also for visitors to find tours and choose their destinations.
At ITB 2016, with the area of ​​200m², the booth of Viet Nam tourism will be designed under the theme of cultural tourism.
Large images introducing Vietnamese sea and island tourism and natural landscapes will also be displayed.
In the framework of the fair, Viet Nam delegation will hold several events to promote the country's tourism, including night cocktail party on 9 March 2016 with the attendance of Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) and other international partners.
On 10 March 2016, Viet Nam will organize a press conference to introduce destinations and new products, services.
On 11 March 2016, Seminar on Central Coast Viet Nam – New Emerging Destination will be held in order to promote destinations in the Central Coast which is an important region contributing to the attractiveness of Viet Nam’s tourism in recent years, with popular destinations such as Nha Trang (Khanh Hoa), Lang Co (Thua Thien - Hue), Hoi An (Quang Nam), Phan Thiet (Binh Thuan).
Coming to Viet Nam’s booth, visitors will have an opportunity to enjoy performances of traditional ethnic instruments of Viet Nam.
Project on Viet Nam tourism’s brand development strategy
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On Jan 29th, 2016, Tourism Marketing Department (Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism) reported project on Viet Nam tourism’s brand development strategy to 2025, vision 2030.
The project was built on the basis of assessing situation of Viet Nam tourism’s brand and researching the world’s tourism brand development models.
In addition, the project also specified opinions, goals and solutions of Strategy and Master plan on Viet Nam tourism development to 2020, vision 2030 in regards of tourism brand development, which accorded with Viet Nam’s development tendencies.
The project identified tourism development in view of supply and demand sides, which focuses on enhancing competitive capacity.
The project will retain Viet Nam tourism brand identity set and slogan “Vietnam – Timeless Charm”; prioritize to promote 4 fundamental values of Viet Nam tourism (time, commitment, mystery and intensity) and 4 tourist product lines: cultural tourism, marine and island tourism, eco and natural tourism, city tourism).
To develop Viet Nam tourism’s brand, the project drafts out specific goals including: raising awareness and skills; focusing on developing remarkable destinations and tourist areas; identifying and promoting typical brands and images.
About solutions, the project prioritizes tourism promotion along with synchronous and long-term solutions such as: propagandizing and raising people’s awareness; mechanisms, policies and investments for tourism; supporting localities and tourism businesses; enhancing management capacity; strengthening inter-region and interdisciplinary linkages; international cooperation.
In addition, the project also sets up framework of action plans for each stage.
Speaking at the working session, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan highly appreciated result of the project.
He emphasized Viet Nam tourism’s brand development strategy should focus on prioritized solutions such as brand communication; building tourists confidence in Viet Nam tourism; attracting investors.
He also encouraged the engagement of tourism businesses, localities, and relevant sectors to develop Viet Nam tourism.
Round table meeting on coordination of international donors for Viet Nam tourism
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On Jan, 28th 2016, the Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) with the technical support of EU- ESRT Project held a round table meeting on coordination of international donors for Viet Nam tourism.
According to VNAT’s International Cooperation Department, in the last five years, Viet Nam tourism has gained many remarkable achievements and recorded 7.94 million int’l arrivals and 57 million domestic trippers in 2015.
In the period 2011-2015, the average growth of int’l arrivals and domestic trippers were 5.7%/year and 16.3 %/year, respectively.
Total tourism receipts in 2015 reached VND 337.8 thousand billions contributing 5% of GDP, the average growth over 25%/year.
The above results have exceeded targets set for 2015 in the Viet Nam tourism’s development strategy to 2020, vision 2030.
However, 18,800 tourist accommodations with 355,000 rooms and tourism human resource of 1.78 million employees (including 555,000 tourism direct employees) have not reached the targets of the strategy for 2015.
In the recent years, Viet Nam tourism sector has received strong support of international organizations like the EU, JICA, AECID, Luxembourg, ADB, UNESCO, SNV, ILO, KTO...
to build legal documents and tourism planning; to develop tourist products; to support tourism promotion and human resource training…
Many foreign investment projects have played an important role in supporting Viet Nam tourism development towards sustainability, and high quality, high competitive capacity, contributing to poverty alleviation.
In the coming time, Viet Nam tourism sector expects to receive more int’l supports including:
enhancing institutional capacity and state management in tourism area focusing on revised tourism law, tourism integration in ASEAN and the world, and raising capacity of the tourism sector to cope with crisis, climate change, impacts of the world economy;
developing tourist products which focuses on special tourism products of high competitive advantage, and responsible tourism development;
constructing tourist infrastructure which focuses on building public tourist works and attracting major investors;
developing tourism human resource which focuses on training foreign languages and e-marketing for tourism managers;
applying information technology to effectively exploit e-marketing and software for tourism management;
improving competitive capacity of tourism enterprises.
Besides above proposals, participants suggested that the MoCST and VNAT play an important role to direct and coordinate all donor programs to utilize the effectiveness.
Speaking at the meeting, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan expressed his pleasure that the parties had founded their cooperation opportunities in the coming time.
He also highly appreciated the support of international donors to promote the development of Viet Nam Tourism in the past time.
In addition, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan also agreed to hold a large tourism forum (scheduled in May 2016) aiming to propose demands, solutions to call for financial and technical supports for the development of Viet Nam tourism in the new period.
Ao Châu Pond Rammer
Ao Chau pond rammer, in Ha Hoa district, is a tourist place named as terrestrial “Halong Bay”.
Along the 2nd national road, Ao Chau pond rammer is 140 km from Hanoi and 50 km from Viet Tri city, it belongs to area of three communes Am Thuong, Am Ha, Y Son, in Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province.
Total area of this pond rammer is about 300 hectares, including nearly one hundred diverse islands.
Each of them has its own beauty which is deserved to discover.
According to legendary, on the voyage to settle kingdom of Hung King, he stopped at Ao Chau pond rammer, because terrain of Ao Chau is harmonious, and beautiful.
Water of Ao Chau pond rammer is extremely clean.
It is interesting when contemplating Ao Chau’s water in other moments in a day.
Visiting Ao Chau means staying away from the city, its atmosphere is perfect for relaxation and unwinding your mind.
The pond offers an amazing natural landscape with a combination of mountains, trees, birds, flowers.
In 2001, Government of Phu Tho province approved the detail planning of Ao Chau pond rammer resort with the total area of 1.500 hectares.
A feasible project was planned - Ao Chau eco-tourist website including activities such as: resort, rowing, fishing, mountain hiking.
Currently, Ao Chau pond rammer is an extremely attractive eco-tourism place for domestic and foreign tourists.
Secretary of Provincial Party Committee Hoang Dan Mac visits and works with businesses
Secretary of the Phu Tho Party Committee Hoang Dan Mac presented flowers to the leaders of Viglacera Corporation on the occasion of Vietnamese Businessman, October 13th.
PTO - On October 12th, Mr.Hoang Dan Mac - Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee visited and encouraged some enterprises in Phu Ha Industrial Park in Phu Tho town, and Song Thao industrial clusters in Cam Khe district.
Accompanying were Mr.Hoang Cong Thuy - Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee; leaders of some provincial departments, branches; leaders of Cam Khe district and Phu Tho town.
In Song Thao industrial cluster, Cam Khe district, Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee and the delegation visited YIDA Vietnam Co., Ltd., specializing in garment manufacturing for export with a total investment of over USD 20 million, expected to come into operation in January, 2018.
Then, Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee visited and encouraged 4 Korean and Japanese enterprises in Phu Ha Industrial Zone: JH Vina Co., Ltd; Haehwa Vina Co., Ltd; Davo Phu Tho Co., Ltd; Almus Vina Phu Tho Co., Ltd
Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee Hoang Dan Mac visited JH Vina Co., Ltd in Phu Ha Industrial Park.
Head of Viglacera Corporation said that, up to now, there has been 10 enterprises investing in industrial zones, including 8 Korean enterprises and 2 Japanese enterprises, mainly producing electronic components and clothes, with the total investment of over $100 million.
In the first nine months of 2017, many potential customers explore investment opportunity in the industrial zone.
About the Phu Ha Industrial Zone, Mr.Hoang Dan Mac highly appreciated efforts and determination of Vigracera, and stressed that Phu Tho Province set expectation on this industrial zone, therefore, Viglacera Corporation should strive to make Phu Ha to become a modern, civilized, cultural industrial zone, contributing to socio-economic development of the province.
Almus Vina Phu Tho Co., Ltd is preparing machines in order to be dedicated in the end of 2017.
“Heritage” on Lang Chuong paddy field
Barringtonia acutangula heritage.
PTO- Recognized as a heritage plant in early 2013, the Barringtonia acutangula in Chuong Xa Commune, Cam Khe District is a pride of local people because of its cultural and historical values related to Hung Kings reign.
This heritage is located on a 500-square-meter island as known as Go Tho Temple.
The Barringtonia population consists of 91 large and imposing trees with exuberant green branches and leaves, their roots gather closely as a circle and their trunks grow towards many directions.
From a far distance, the cluster of the trees looks like a turtle swimming on the water. However, from two hills which are called as Elephant Hill and Ant Hill by the Chuong Xa people, it looks like a round dish of sticky rice.
Barringtonia flowers in two seasons i.e. May – June and August – September.
On the flowering seasons, Barringtonia burst in red, and become prominent amidst the green of the field.
The flowers bloom from the afternoon to night.
In tomorrow morning, the flowers fell down, covering the ground, floating on the water like a brilliant red carpet.
In the heritage population of Barringtonia, there is an ancient tomb of Tien Dung Princess - Lady Duong Thi Que.
The tomb is noted to be built in October 1061.
Throughout generations, the local people in the village tell an emotional story about this sacred ancient tomb.
Mr.Ngan, a village elder said: "My family has had many years to look after this temple.
When I was young, I was told by my grandparents that: In Chuong Xa, King Hung first came to Tam Thanh mound and later to Dinh Thuong and stationed his troops here.
In the water season, Tien Dung Princess often went sightseeing on pleasure – boat.
Later, when the princess died, the people built a high altar to worship her.
Go Tho Temple, Thuong Temple, and Hoi Dong Temple belong to the historical vestiges of Chuong Xa commune - where the monuments of the Hung King were once saved. The position of the communal house and temples in three places form a triangle, which is said to be like a tripod - a solid stand, symbolizing the strength and durability of the land bearing strong historical values.
Chuong Xa people, who have a long tradition of culture and a devoted admiration for the sacred historical values. This tradition has been increasingly promoted by the local people for thousands of years.
Therefore, the heritage population of Barringtonia and Tien Dung Princess Temple is considered by the people here as a treasure. The people have always tried their best to protect, maintain, sincerely worship and hand down to future generations.
Senior delegation of Phu Tho province promotes investment in Korea
Mr. Hoang Dan Mac - Secretary of Phu Tho Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Council gave a speech at the investment promotion conference.
PTO- On December 4th, in Seoul, Korea, the senior delegation led by Mr.Hoang Dan Mac - Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee and Chairman of the Provincial People's Council co-chaired the investment promotion conference with the Embassy of Vietnam in Korea: Phu Tho - potential and investment opportunities.
Attending the Investment Promotion Conference were Mr.Nguyen Vu Tu - Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in Korea and nearly 40 Korean enterprises.
Addressing at the opening ceremony, Secretary Hoang Dan Mac introduced briefly the socio-economic situation, affirming that Phu Tho always created the best conditions for the enterprises to invest in the Phu Tho province.
Among 150 foreign-invested enterprises with a total registered capital of nearly $1.1 billion, there are 120 Korean investors with a total registered capital of $793 million.
Based on many potential, Phu Tho province always welcomes foreign investors, especially investors and enterprises from Korea.
At the conference, Korean businesses listen to speeches of the leaders of Phu Tho province, the Department of Planning and Investment, the Management Board of the industrial zones about geography, potential and advantages of Phu Tho as well as the fields which are in calling for investment; they were answered and clarified their interested content, and committed for a fair investment environment.
The Korean enterprises highly appreciate the preparation and organization of investment promotion conference of Phu Tho province.
Addressing at the meeting, the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam Nguyen Vu Tu believed that after this conference, many Korean businesses would understand more about Vietnam's investment environment and especially Phu Tho province in order to implement investment projects.
Earlier, Secretary Hoang Dan Mac and his delegation had a meeting with the Embassy of Vietnam in Korea.
The Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee thanked the Ambassador Nguyen Vu Tu and his staffs for helping Phu Tho to organize this investment promotion conference and hoped that the Ambassador Nguyen Vu Tu would continue to be the bridge between Phu Tho and Korean investors; introduce Phu Tho to potential businesses to promote socio-economic development of the province.
Breaking ground a domestic waste-to-energy plant of Phu Tho province
Delegates attended the groundbreaking ceremony to build a provincial domestic waste-to-energy plant.
PTO- On October 12th, in Tram Than commune, Phu Ninh district, the Department of Construction coordinated with Phu Tho TIANYU Environmental Energy Co., Ltd to organize the Ground Breaking Ceremony of a domestic waste-to-energy plant of Phu Tho province.
Attending the ceremony were Bui Van Quang - Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee; Tran Phu Tieu - Chairman of the Fatherland Front Committee; Hoang Cong Thuy - Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee; Leaders of Provincial People's Councils, Departments, branches, People's Committees of districts, cities, leaders of two companies: CHINA TIANYING-EUROPE TIANYING, PERFECT WAVE HOLDINGS LIMITED.
Addressing at the ceremony, Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee Hoang Cong Thuy affirmed that the Resolution of the 18th Provincial Party Congress had determined the object to 2020, the rate of garbage collection and treatment in the city reached 100%, in rural areas achieved 65%.
In the first stage, the factory could treat 500 tons/day and 1000 tons/day in 2nd stages.
When the factory becomes operations, the reuse of waste would be a source of energy for electricity generation, contributing to reducing the current waste burial sites, resolving employment and the socio-economic development of the province.
He suggested the investors to implement the project planted, with advanced technology in accordance with the proposed project, plans on labor training, with priority given to the labor source of the Phu Tho Waste Treatment Joint Stock Company and the localities; For departments, branches and districts of Phu Ninh should create all favorable conditions, support investors in the process of solving administrative procedures.
Phó Chủ tịch UBND tỉnh Hà Kế San làm việc tại Khu Di tích lịch sử Đền Hùng
Vice Chairman of Phu Tho People's Committee Ha Ke San concluded the conference.
PTO – On September 13th, Mr.Ha Ke San - Vice Chairman of the Phu Tho People's chaired the seminar and listened to leaders of Hung Kings temple relic site reporting the regulation on the construction management according to the planning project to preserve and promote the value of the Hung Kings temple relic site by 2025.
At the seminar, the delegates discussed on the contents of the regulation.
In particular, towards the living area, the delegates said that it’s necessary to have a clear and appropriate regulations to facilitate people, and ensure the planning.
To conclude the conference, Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee Ha Ke San stressed that as a special national historical relic, the regulation on the management of construction according to the planning project to preserve and promote the value of the Hung Kings temple relic site was very important. The Party, authorities and Phu Tho people were also responsible for the implementation and management of the Prime Minister's planning project to preserve and promote the value of the Hung Kings temple relic site.
He noted that it was necessary to reconsider the specific content of the items, categoríe, and application scope, boundary scope; regulations of the preservation and promotion of the values, along with construction management.
The Vice chairman of the Provincial People's Committee also requested after the conference, the departments, branches, units relating received the opinions of delegates in order to quickly complete the regulation then submit it to the Provincial People's Committee for consideration and promulgation.
Phu Tho: Reaching over 16/17 socio-economic targets in 2017
In 2017, gross regional domestic product (GRDP) is estimated at over VND 35.6 trillion, up 7.75% compared to 2016 year, and GRDP per person is estimated at VND 35.1 million.
The economic structure continues to make positive changes in the direction of increasing the proportion of industry-construction and services, decreasing in the agriculture, forestry and fishery sector, including 39% of industry-construction, 39% of services and 22% of agriculture, forestry and fisheries.
The national target program on new rural construction will continue to be directed, mobilized and integrated with many sources, improving the targets of new rural communes.
The rate of solidification of rural roads reached 60.2%, improvement works of irrigation, culture and health.
In 2017, 14-16 new rural communes will be recognized.
In 2017, total state budget revenue in the province is estimated at VND 5,443 trillion, equaling 111% of the plan.
The public service delivery agencies focus on the financial autonomy and self-responsibility in the 2017 – 2020 period.
Social security is guaranteed; cultural, educational and medical care continues to develop.
The rate of poor households is 8.81%, decreasing by 1.7% compared to 2016, the quality of education continues to be maintained, 648 national standard schools, increasing 36 schools compared to 2016, the rate of households participating in Health insurance reached 86%; 60% of communes, wards and towns achieved standard of health, 95% of rural population use safe water.
Particularly, in December 2017, UNESCO officially moved Phu Tho's Xoan Singing from the List of Intangible Cultural Heritage in Need of Urgent Safeguarding to the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
In order to implement socio-economic development tasks in 2018, Phu Tho Province will continue to develop industry and services as a force for economic growth, promote business development, drastically improve the investment environment and link between the breakthroughs, maintain political stability, social order and safety, ensure national defense and security, protect the environment and improve the people's life.
By 2018, the provincial economic growth rate (GRDP) will have been 7.5% or higher, of which: industry - construction will have increased by 9.8%; services will have increased by 7.0%; agriculture will have increased 3.0%.
GRDP per person will have reachd VND 38.6 million, export value will have reached USD 1.3 billion.
Total budget revenue in the area increased by 10.6% compared to 2017.
In 2018, strengthening the social security, strive to reduce the rate of poor households by 1.5%, the number of communes, wards and towns’s national health standards will have achieved 73.6%, the population participating in health insurance will have reached 87.3%.
Mr. Hà Ke San - Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee presented the report on the implementation of the socio-economic development in 2017; the directions and tasks in 2018.
Production of winter vegetables in Cao Xa commune, Lam Thao district
Garment No.6 of Red River Garment Co., Ltd and Yen Lap Town Industrial Cluster create jobs for more than 500 local workers.
International tourists enjoy Xoan singing performance
300 booths is displayed in the trade fair on typical rural industrial products of the North - Phu Tho in 2017
Delegates cut the ribbon to open the trade fair.
PTO- In the evening, October 5th, at the Hung Vuong Square in Viet Tri city, Phu Tho provincial People's Committee in collaboration with the Ministry of Industry and Trade kicked off the 2017 trade fair on typical rural industrial products of the North.
Mr.Tran Quoc Khanh, Deputy Minister of Industry and Trade; Mr.Bui Van Quang, Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, members of the Provincial Party Committee, the leaders of the provinces of Yen Bai, Lao Cai, Bac Ninh, Son La and representatives of the industry and trade sector of 28 provinces and cities in the North region and some provinces in Middle and South regions attended the event.
The trade fair on typical rural industrial products of the North region has been organized in 6 days from October 5th to 12th as a part of the 2017 National Industrial Promotion Program of the Ministry of Industry and Trade.
This fair contains 300 booths, including 220 booths exhibiting typical rural industrial products of 28 provinces and cities in the North, with diversified products such as agro-forestry products, processed foods, technological foods, construction materials, fine arts and handicrafts, equipment and machinery, and some other products.
Mr. Bui Van Quang, Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, Mr. Tran Quoc Khanh, Deputy Minister of Industry and Trade and delegates visited the booths at the fair.
The fair has introduced and promoted the trademark of rural industrial products of localities and enterprises across the country.
Addressing at the opening ceremony, Mr.Nguyen Thanh Hai, Head of the Fair Organizing Committee, emphasized: This fair is not only an important event, but also a bridge between the enterprises and consumers to create motivation to promote production, business and consumption of Vietnamese goods.
This is also a condition to bring into full play the advantages and potential of each enterprise, each locality and the whole region, contributing to the development of the common commercial industry of the country.
Thanks to the fair, Phu Tho province has many chances to promote, introduce itself as well as strengthen the cooperation with other provinces and cities in the country to contribute to socio-economic development of the locality.
Hon cake - a local specialities
PTO- Hon cake (or rounded cake), a traditional cake of the communes of Kim Duc, Phuong Lau, and Hung Lo in Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province.
So far, Phu Tho is famous for palm forest, tea hills, Tai cake (ear cake), but Hon cake - a kind of folk cake from Hung Vuong's era.
In Phu Tho province, especially countryside markets in communes of Hung Lo, and Kim Duc, it's not difficult to see a Hon cake peddler.
This cake is milky white, slightly yellow, suitable for a breakfast meal.
Hon cake in An Thai village, Phuong Lau commune is made from rice which is ground into the dough, then sieved to smooth.
The cook burned leaves and fruits to ashes then soaking in the water for 5 to 7 days and filtering it to boil with dough to becomes a bit condensed.
After that, he knead when it's hot with pork stuffing and put them in the steamer.
The best way to savor Hon cake is to eat it right away when it is still warm with fish sauce, chili and pepper to feel the typical taste of Phu Tho's forest.
People is buying Ms.Hong's Hon cake at Hung Lo market, Viet Tri city.
Long time ago, this cake was called koel cake because of its two sharp heads; and usually made on Tet holidays to offer Hung King and some other events.
Nowadays, the cake is rounded, and local people call it "Hon" cake, which is a typical traditional dish of the midland mountainous village.
Presevation of Vi folk singing
Artist Ha Thi Song is teaching Vi folk singing of Muong ethnic, so as to express her hope that the next generations will preserve this unique culture of Muong ethnic.
PTO- As a duet with traditional melody, reflecting the life, and the love of peole, Vi folk singing is the indispensable spiritual thing of the Muong ethnic, bearing traditional cultural identity, is preserved and promoted.
Nobody knows exactly when this folk singing originated, people just know this kind of folk singing was handed down to young generations by Muong’s elders in the village.
On the occasion of festivals, this singing can take place throughout the event for greetings, affection expression and appointments.
Vi folk singing appears not only in festivals or events but also in the daily life.
This is kind of singing in a couple (boy and girl).
Its lyrics are like the confession of love.
Many couple have been married thanks to this gentle and touching melody.
However, to express the soul of Vi folk singing, the singer have to be expert in literature, poetry as well as smart to be able to apply the daily knowledge into the lyrics reasonably, and gently.
Festival is a chance for Muong people to perform Vi folk singing - a special cultural feature of the ethnic.
Although wrinkles on Artist Ha Thi Song’s face show the marks of ageing, her enthusiasm for the traditional Vi folk singing has never ever faded.
On the weekend, she often sings for children and grandchildren in the village.
She has also recorded the lyrics in a notebook with the desire to preserve the beauty of Muong ethnic culture for later generations.
Mr. Vu Tien Bac, Vice Chairman of Tan Son District People's Committee said: Recently, in order to protect and promote Vi folk singing, the commune has managed classes for artisans to teach the younger generation in the residential areas, simultaneously establishing Vi singing clubs.
In addition, the district leadership has instructed the Culture and Education Department to plan to bring Vi folk singing into the curriculum, and expand to the whole the district.
In fact, Vi folk singing in particular and Muong folk songs in general have quietly existed for a long time with many high educational meanings.
Therefore, it is a priceless cultural value that can not be faded.
Because modern life is challenging the culture of ethnic groups, the attendance of the whole political system is necessary in preserving Vi folk singing.
Ha Hoa district preserves and promotes cultural values
Worship of the Mother Au Co at Au Co temple in Hien Luong commune is the first the national intangible cultural heritage of Ha Hoa district.
PTO- Ha Hoa is a region of culture and history which is associated with the Hung King era. Ha Hoa has a diversified system of tangible and intangible heritage.
Therefore, for many years, Ha Hoa district has always paid much attention to preserving and promoting the values ​​of cultural heritage.
There are 85 monuments in Ha Hoa district, 9 monuments of which ranked at the national level, and 13 at provincial level.
In particular, these tangible cultural heritages contain unique artistic architecture and aesthetic value.
The Mother Au Co temple is the most famous destination of spiritual tourism associated with Au Co and Lac Long Quan legend in Hien Luong commune. It is ranked as a national historical-cultural relics by the Ministry of Culture and Information.
Local people also hold the Mother Au Co temple Festival on 7th of Lunar January every year.
Along with the worshipping ceremony, there are many sports activities and interesting folk games, attracting thousands of visitors.
Besides, Ha Hoa district is a home of many relics such as the Dong communal house, Nghe temple in Van Lang commune worshiping two talented generals Le Thi A Lan and Le Anh Tuan, Chu Hung temple in Am Ha commune, White temple in Hau Bong commune, Thuong temple in Thuong commune, etc.
Ha Hoa district is also the location of well-known war zones in the resistance war against the French colonialists such as Van-Hien Luong war zone in Hien Luong Commune, 10 war zone in the communes of Dai Pham, Ha Luong, Gia Dien, Am Ha, etc.
The district is also known by the famous tourist destinations of Ao Gioi - Suoi Tien, and Ao Chau lagoon.
These sites have been planned, invested upgraded its facilities, and enhanced the diversification of tourism products.
In order to preserve and promote cultural heritage values, the district has well implemented the propaganda and mobilization of the preservation of various kinds of heritages in the localities, conducting the restoration that's not impact to its values.
Strengthening development cooperation between Phu Tho province and Hanoi
Mr. Hoang Trung Hai, Politburo member, Secretary of Hanoi city Party Committee and Mr.Hoang Dan Mac, Secretary of Phu Tho Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People’s Council co-chaired the meeting.
PTO- On the afternoon of September 19th in Hanoi, Mr.Hoang Trung Hai, Politburo member, Secretary of Ha Noi Party Committee and Mr.Hoang Dan Mac, Secretary of Phu Tho Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People’s Council, co-chaired a working session with participation of Standing Committee of Hanoi Party Committee and Standing Committee of Phu Tho Provincial Party Committee on evaluating the results of cooperation between Phu Tho and Hanoi in the period of 2011 to 2016, orientation of the period of 2017 to 2020.
The report of the results of cooperation between Hanoi and Phu Tho province in the period of 2011 to 2016 showed: The implementation of the cooperation between Hanoi and Phu Tho province has always been given attention and facilitated by the Party committees, authorities and people of the two localities.
The cooperation program has mobilized resources from various economic sectors, especially Hanoi businesses to invest and exploit the potential and strengths of Phu Tho province and vice versa in order to serve the socio-economic development of both localities.
In the transportation: Phu Tho province and Hanoi have closely coordinated the construction of a number of important transport works, promoting interregional development cooperation associated with the Planning of Capital Region and The Northern Mountainous Midland Region.
In the field of investment and construction, Phu Tho province facilitates Hanoi businesses to invest 58 production and business projects with a total investment capital of VND 12,500 billion.
The field of trade - tourism, agriculture, health, information security have also achieved good results.
On the basis of these achievements, the delegates focused on discussing, and agreeing on the contents of cooperation in the 2017-2020 period in the fields of Party and political system building, investment, transportation, tourism, industry and commerce, agriculture, culture and sports, education and training, health, political security, social order and safety and other fields.
Hanoi leaders handed over VND 3 billion to the Poverty Reduction Fund of Phu Tho province.
With the aim of a strong, feasible and effective cooperation between Phu Tho province and Hanoi, leaders of the two localities agreed on motivating Party committees, Fatherland Front Committees, socio-political organizations and departments to strengthen their meetings and exchanges of experience and cooperation in the field of working.
Each locality assigns a vice chairman of the Provincial or Municipal People's Committee to direct, regularly inspect and urge the functional agencies to concretize the annual cooperation contents; as well as assigning the Department of Planning and Investment of the two localities as the standing agency to implement the cooperation contents; annually reporting to the Standing Party Committee of Hanoi and Phu Tho province.
On behalf of the provincial leaders, Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee and Chairman of the People's Council of Phu Tho province thanked the sentiments and deeply attention of Hanoi leadership, which has positively contributed to the comprehensively cooperation of the two localities, simultaneously stressed that the cooperation between Hanoi and Phu Tho province had achieved good prospects, thereby promoting and exploiting the potentials and strengths of the two localities.
He agreed with the orientation of cooperation that the two localities discussed.
He believed with the attention of the Standing Committee of Hanoi Party Committee and the Standing Committee of Phu Tho Provincial Party Committee, the cooperation between the two localities would achieve many new breakthroughs, boosting the development of the two localities, contributing to successfully implementing the Resolution of the 12th Party Congress.
Addressing at the session, Mr.Hoang Trung Hai, Member of the Politburo, Secretary of the Hanoi Party Committee, highly appreciated the results of the cooperation between the two localities.
He also suggested that each sectors and fields of Hanoi and Phu Tho province should actively connect and turn ideas into specific results; well exploiting the potentials and advantages of both localities in order to boost the socio-economic development.
He supported the recommendations and proposals of Phu Tho province, especially the investment in the construction of major transport between the two localities.
The leaders of Phu Tho province presented the bronze drum symbol to the Party, authorities and people of Hanoi.
On this occasion, Hanoi presented a picture of Khue Van pavilion - a symbol of Hanoi with thousand years of civilization - to Phu Tho province and VND 3 billion to the Poverty Reduction Fund of the province.
Responding to the sentiments of leaders and people of the capital, Phu Tho province presented a gemstone picture of Hung King temple and a bronze drum symbol.
Creating a safe and stable investment environment
PTO- Phu Tho province is gradually developing a modern industry, focusing on attracting high-tech corporations and enterprises to invest in industrial parks and clusters.
The current challenge is how to manage and supervise these objects in order to both meet the demand of socio-economic development and maintain political security and social order and safety in the workplace as well as resident area.
There are about 400 foreign laborers working in the province, mainly in industrial zones.
Over the past time, the management of foreign workers has been well implemented by the provincial authorities, contributing to ensuring security and order in the industrial zones, creating a safe and stable investment environment for foreigners in Phu Tho province.
As a 100% South Korean-owned enterprise specializing in garments, Kee Eun Vietnam Co., Ltd in Thuy Van Industrial Zone has created jobs for about 2,000 workers.
The company has well implemented the registration for foreign laborers at the management board of the industrial zones. Foreign workers has well abided by the provisions of Vietnam law on entry, exit and labor.
Mr.Kim Han Yong, General Director of Kee Eun Vietnam Co., Ltd.said there are more than 10 foreign workers from Korea, China and Philippines working at the positions of production management, quality management, sewing machine management in the company.
The company has also disseminated the laws and regulations on state management as well as local customs and habits for these workers to ensure order and security situation.
At present, a majority of foreign laborers in industrial zones and clusters is Korean. The rest is Chinese, Malaysian and Filipino. Most of them work in positions of management and experts.
On August 29th, 2017, the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee signed the document No.3782UBND-KGVX on enhancing the management of foreign laborers working in the province.
In details, the Department of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs coordinates with relevant agencies and units in guiding agencies and enterprises that employ foreign laborers to strictly observe provisions of Vietnam laws in the foreign labor in Vietnam.
Mr.Duong Quoc Lam, Deputy Head of the provincial management board of industrial zones said that management board of the provincial industrial zones regularly coordinates with the Department of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs and the provincial police agency to manage the entry, exit, transit and residence of the foreign workers in the province, at the same time, disseminating, inspecting and requesting enterprises employing foreign laborers to strictly observe the Vietnam law and promptly handle violation cases.
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities have directed the functional agencies to review the number of foreign employees working and living in the area under their respective management.
Enterprises, organizations, individuals, contractors employing foreign laborers in the province must strictly perform the registration.
At present, some enterprises in the industrial zones tend to recruit foreign workers to management positions to ensure expertise and operational technique.
Therefore, provincial authorities need to strengthen the management of foreign workers in the province, especially those working in industrial zones and clusters to ensure the order and security in the area as well as safe of foreign workers, creating a safe and stable investment environment.
Secretary of provincial's Party Committee Hoang Dan Mac and the working delegation paid a working visit and encouraged officials and employees of NT Vina Co., Ltd., a 100% South Korean-owned company specialized in vibration motor for Samsung Group at Phu Ha Industrial Zone (Phu Tho town).
Inspection, classification of optical glass products used in mobile phones at JNTC Co., Ltd.(Thuy Van Industrial Zone).
Advertising tourism of the ancestral land
On early 2018, in cold weather of the winter, the Phu Tho Department of culture and tourism welcomed the first international delegation including 14 members of Deakin University - Australia to Phu Tho province
The visitors had interesting experience about the two intangible cultural heritages of Humanity, "Xoan Singing of Phu Tho province" and "Worships of Hung Kings", and understanding more about a culture with more than 4000 years of history.
Especially, in the delegation, there are two overseas Vietnamese, they had their own feelings on the occasion to return to their ancestral land.
After the program of welcoming the first tourist delegation of the new year, Phu Tho tourism hopes that the tourists spend time visiting many destinations associated with spiritual tourism, ecotourism such as Hung Kings temple historical site, Lai Len temple, Hung Lo ancient village, Xuan Son National Park, etc., and affirming that Phu Tho is a friendly and attractive destination for tourists who want to come back to the original land.
In 2018, we have idea for new tourism products, namely community tourism and special tourism products, promoting two intangible cultural heritages of Humanity, "Xoan Singing of Phu Tho province" and "Worships of Hung Kings" associated with tourism development; linking tours between spiritual tourism and ecotourism, tourist resort in Xuan Son National Park and Thanh Thuy mineral water resort; and continuing to attract businesses to invest in Phu Tho province.
Thanh Thuy - a tourist destination
International visitors learn about ethnic musical instruments displayed at Thanh Thuy district.
PTO- As a key tourist district of the province, over the past years, Thanh Thuy district has implemented many solutions, creating favorable conditions for enterprises to invest and build infrastructure for tourism development.
So that, there are many breakthroughs in tourist, revenue from this field is higher than the previous year, creating jobs for thousands of local workers.
In order to develop positively tourism, the District People's Committee has issued a decision to set up an interdisciplinary inspection team, to inspect and supervise business activities at accommodation establishments, restaurants, hotel, resort, impossible pinning, fraud in business; guiding food production, processing and trading establishments in ensuring food hygiene and safety.
A part of the people has actively linked capital, mobilized resources to increase investment in tourism, catering, mineral bath and relaxation.
The tourism products of the district are also focused on creating favorable conditions for visitors to have more choices when coming to Thanh Thuy such as banh san (cassava), banh nang (nang cake), banh kien (ant cake), fish cake, soy sauce of Bo village, river fish, mushroom, wood ear, white beans ...
Types of intangible culture, cultural tourism community of Muong ethnic people in Yen Mao and Phuong Mao communes, traditional festivals such as Lang Suong Temple, Dao Xa elephant procession festival, boat race of Tam Cong communal house Tu Vu Victory Monument ... have been built and developed to serve tourists.
Every year, at the festivals, they have attracted thousands of visitors.
Promoting the values ​​of Xoan singing, gheo singing, cheo singing, gongs performance, vi singing, rang singing ... are the key points of the district, many survey delegations of the province also visit in order to connect and become Tourist sites with cultural relics inside and outside the province.
The typical dance of the Muong ethnic in Thanh Thuy district is introduced in tour.
Photo: Nguyen An
Base on the efforts, the number of visitors to Thanh Thuy is increasing.
In 2017, Thanh Thuy welcomed and served over 567,000 visitors, up 13% compared with the same period last year.
Of which, over 74,000 visitors, revenue reached about VND 161,700 million, up 11.4% over the same period; creating jobs for about 16,500 people.
In particular, Thanh Thuy has welcomed many international visitors to visit and experience the cultural, historical relics and traditional villages of the district such as Space’s traditional musical instruments, traditional bamboo-weaving handicraft in Ba Dong village, Hoang Xa commune, Yen Mao stilt house ...
The system of hotels, resorts, stalls, souvenir stalls, tourism products, cuisine is developing more diverse.
At present, there are 23 accommodation establishments in the district, of which 4 hotels are 1 or 2 star, 19 guesthouses with a total of more than 500 rooms, the utilization rate is 32%; 30 large and small restaurants are certified hygienic food safety serving specialties.
Along with the exploitation of available resources, the district focused on the embellishment and restoration of historical relics in service of spiritual tourism.
44 projects invest in key industrial zones, industrial cluster, and high-tech agricultural projects
PTO- - In 2017, the province has attracted 18 domestic projects and 8 foreign projects to key industrial zones and clusters with registered capital and increased investment capital reached VND 4,959 billion and USD 109.3 million; There are 36 new and expanded investment projects, including 21 projects are under construction, 12 projects are completed, go into operation and contribute to provincial economic growth.
Apart from attracting investment, preferential policies for hi-tech investment projects in industrial zones have been actively implemented.
The total support expense reached VND 15.635 billion, of which TASA Ceramic Joint Stock Company was supported VND 14 billion, and VND 1.635 billion for JNTC Co., ltd.
In order to attract investment in industrial zones, relevant departments have actively guided enterprises to invest in agriculture and rural areas under Decree No.210/2013/ND-CP issued on December 19, 2013 by the Government and Resolution No.15/2014/NQ-HDND by the Provincial People's Council.
Up to now, there are 18 projects with the total registered capital of VND 2,416.86 billion approved by the Ministry of Planning and Investment.
Gioi Pond – Tien (Fairy) Stream in Ha Hoa district
Gioi (God) Pond – Tien (Fairy) Stream, located at Na Mountain, Quan Khe commune, Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province, is 80km from Viet Tri city and 15km from Ao Chau.
Tien stream crosses over rock slits, forming a white flow standing out on the green background of mountains, and blending with blue color of the sky to make a spectacular mysterious scene.
According to the legedary, once upon a time, there was only the Fairy Well where fairies bathed.
Then, water in the well was risen forming waterfalls, some of them were 20m in height.
When Jade Emperor raised the level of water to create waterfalls, water poured itself into valley forming ponds.
Therefore, Tien Stream seems more attractive to tourists when they visit Phu Tho province.
Hung King museum
On January 1st 2008, Phu Tho Museum was officially built, with a total area of 15.732m2.
The museum was designed with three floors, replicating a “house on stilt” in the north of Vietnam, four sloping red-tile roofs based on Dong Son architecture in combination with modern architecture.
On April 14th 2010 (March 1st 2010 in lunar calendar), the museum was inaugurated.
There are nearly 11000 relics in the museum, presenting for thousands years of Phu Tho history.
The first part exhibits relics about People in Phu Tho in general, Vietnam in particular from Hung Kings dynasties to the Feudal dynasties; 
the history of fights against foreign aggression, and the renovation of Phu Tho from 1986 up to now.
The second part shows objects based on the subjects related to political requirements.
The third part is an outside exhibit of large-sized objects such as: tanks, warships, aircraft; and ethological, archaeological and revolutional historic subjects.
Apart from Hung King Temple, Hung King museum is an attractive destination for tourists when they visit Phu Tho province.
Electronic one-door system integrated with Phu Tho Provincial Online public service portal officially used from 20th October 2016.
Recently, the provincial People’s Committee issued Document No.4381/ UBND-KGVX, requiring departments, agencies, People’s Committees of districts, cities and towns to put the Electronic one-door system integrated with PhuTho Provincial Online public service portal in official use from 20th October 2016 in each of agencies and units.
During the last time, the People’ Committee has assigned the Department of Information and Communications to hire the Electronic one-door system integrated with PhuTho Provincial Online public service portal from Vietnam Posts and Telecommunications Group.
Passing the piloting period of such rented service, the Electronic one-door system integrated with PhuTho Provincial Online public service portal has now been completed and operated on the Internet (the website address: http://dichvucong.phutho.gov.vn).
The public administrative service systems of the agencies and units in the province have been installed and provided with specific manual instructions in accordance with regulations.
The total of 1,781 administrative procedures in the province have been posted online, including 100% of the online public services of levels 1 and 2; 495 procedures of level 3 and 95 procedures of level 4.
Through the system, organizations and individuals can proactively lookup information on administrative procedures, lookup results of document processing through the internet ...
Official use of the Electronic one-door system integrated with Online public service portal will make significant contributions to fulfilling the public administrative reform in the province and improving the Provincial Competitiveness Index.
Announcing the Provincial Competitiveness Index in 2016, PhuTho rises 6 grades
On the morning of 14th March 2016, at the Melia Hotel in Hanoi, Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI) in coordination with the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) held the announcement ceremony of Provincial Competitiveness Index (PCI) in 2016.
Attending the ceremony were Bui Van Quang – Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee and Leaders of the Department of Planning and Investment.
Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee Bui Van Quang attended the ceremony to announce the PCI.
2016 is the 12th year, the PCI report has been conducted based on feedback from more than 11,600 enterprises, including over 10,000 private enterprises in 63 provinces and cities and nearly 1,600 FDI enterprises in 14 provinces and cities.
The PCI aims to assess the business environment, the quality of economic governance, and the administrative reform efforts of local governments in order to promote the development of private enterprises.
According to reports, the quality of economic governance of provinces and cities continued to improve in a positive direction.
The survey results show that 65% of enterprises have gained the highest profit rates in the recent 5 years; The average capital size of enterprises reached an average of VND 18.1 billion, the highest level in the recent 12 years ....
The optimistic signs of business prospects are reflected in the number of 48% of enterprises planning to expand their business scales within the next 2 years.
For FDI enterprises, there are similar positive signs when 11% of enterprises have increased their investment capital and 63% of enterprises have recruited more workers.
The FDI enterprises evaluate that the procedures of the provinces and cities have become more open, enterprises are created more favorable conditions in the process of investment and infrastructure construction....
According to the announcement of PCI this year, it is the 4th consecutive year and also the 7th time Da Nang heads the list with 70 points, followed by QuangNinh with 65.60 points and Dong Thap with 64.69 points.
PhuTho ranked at the 29th with 58.60 points, rising 6 grades compared to 2015.
Lai Chau and Cao Bang are the last two provinces in the ranking list.
Viet Tri Paper Joint Stock Company: Revenue of nearly 900 billion dong from production and business activities
Nguyen Van Hien, Chairman and CEO of Viet Tri Paper Joint Stock Company said that despite many difficulties in 2016, especially the delaying of tissue machines for renovation and the changes in production from white printing paper to package paper, the company still achieved its production – business targets and fulfilled its tasks even better than the set targets.
Products were in the favorable consumption.
Production output was over 72,000 tons; the revenue from production and business activities reached nearly 900 billion dong. The company made a payment of 19.4 billion dong to the State budget; provided stable jobs for over 550 employees with an average income of over 7 million/person/month, increasing by approximately 10% in comparison to 2015.
Paper production in Viet Tri Paper Joint Stock Company
In addition to maintaining and developing its production and business operations, the company has also focused on scientific and technical applications, intensive investment in paper production technologies in order to improve product quality, increase internal water circulation to reduce water consumption, wastewater as well as fibers in the wastewater.
Following the guidance of the Provincial People’s Committee and the General Department of Environment, the Company is implementing construction a water circulation lake and investing in renovation and upgrading of the existing wastewater treatment plants, installing automatic wastewater monitoring systems, and surveillance camera systems that can transfer data to the Department of Natural Resources and Environment to ensure that wastewater is treated to meet the standards before being discharged into the environment.
Lam Thao Fertilizers and Chemicals Joint Stock Company
Commences construction of NPK production line no.4 with capacity of 150,000 tons/year
Representatives of the company leadership, construction consultants, contractors, and insurance company conducted the groundbreaking ceremony.
In the series of activities celebrating the 55th anniversary of its official operation day (24th June 1962 – 24th June 2017), on 22nd February 2017, Lam Thao Fertilizers and Chemicals JSC commenced construction of NPK production line no.4 with a capacity of 150,000 tons/year.
The production line is built in an area of 19.000m2 with the total investment capital of over 258 billion dong, including 78.9 billion dong for construction and 90.1 billion dong for equipment. The production line apply advanced production technologies for mixing materials with a combination of spraying molten urea and pelletizing with high automation features; pollution sources relating to dust, air, noise and waste water are treated thoroughly, ensuring industrial safety and ecological environment in the factory’s premises and the surrounding areas.
With two main products i.e. medium content NPK fertilizer and high content NPK fertilizer (the total nutrition of 39-51%), the construction investment of NPK production line no.4 with its capacity of 150,000 tons/year not only contributes to production expansion by increasing its entire NPK production capacity from 750,000 tons/year to 900,000 tons/year as but also plays an important role in diversifying products and enabling the company to domain the market segment of high content NPK.
The project is composed of 17 bidding packages; construction and installation is expected to be finished before 9th October 2017; and testing, adjustment, trial run and delivery of the line are expectedly conducted in October 2017.
High-tech fresh chicken egg production factory launched by DTK Joint Stock Company
On 25th February, in Hanoi, DTK Joint Stock Company(DTK Company) held a press conference to launch the project of DTK PhuTho high-tech fresh chicken egg production plant in Te Le commune, Tam Nong district invested by DTK Joint Stock Company.
This is a world leading fresh chicken egg production plant applying the most advanced scientific technologies of Japan, America and Israel to provide good, fresh and nutritious high – quality chicken eggs for consumers.
The plant which is constructed in the area of 42 ha with the total investment capital of above 800 billion dong, is expected to have a capacity of 175 million eggs/year.
The entire production process of DTK Phu Tho fresh chicken egg production plant is completely automatic, closed, controlled and isolated from the external environment, which ensures absolute bio-security, food safety and hygiene.
This is the first time when a 100% Vietnam owned company has invested in a world-leading green technology system and closed processes from producing input food materials, caring chicks and commercial chickens, environmental treatment to collecting, processing and packaging of finished eggs on a large scale with a traceability of each production stage.
It takes only 24 hours for chicken eggs to reach the stores and supermarkets.
In addition, chicken manure discharged by DTK Phu Tho fresh chicken egg production plant is processed through the microbial fermentation method with technology lines imported from CHUBU ECOTEC (Japan) to protect environment and produce fresh organic fertilizer products with a capacity of 7,000 tons/year.
This is a completely new technology first introduced in Vietnam.
According to the investor's announcement, this project will be officially inaugurated on 4th March, 2017.
Stream crab – the unique food of ethnic people in Xuan Son
Xuan Son national park (Xuan Son commune, Tan Son district) is well known for its jungle ecosystem on limestone mountains where a wide range of categories of flora and fauna exist.
Characteristics of moutainous area formed interesting cultures, including cuisine culture. Stream crabs – a distinguished food of ethnic people impressed tourists.
Stream crabs, as known as stone crabs, live in stone mountain slits.
In summer, from twilight to the end of the night, they move from stone slits to streams.
That is the perfect time for catching them.
During daylight, the crabs stay in their holes in stone slits, to catch them, we have to use rod and worm baits to lure them and drag them out.
This is such a simple way that local kids can catch the crabs.
The crabs are cooked in a homely manner with only a few spices.
Stream crabs are normally about 7 to 10 crabs per kilogram.
At the bottom of the pot is a layer of fresh citronella, crabs are neatly placed and boiled on firewood stove in 15 minutes with small fire.
Color of boiled crabs turn into pinkish yellow and dark brown, with a special scent of crabs with limegrass.
The crabs are eaten with salt mixed with chilli, taste of is amazing.
In the summer, tourists visit Xuan Son national park is crowded, thus, it is lucky when having a chance to try the stream crabs (as they are only occasionally available when local people catch them). The tourists are definitely impressed so that they praise the food with taste of jungle.
Hung King Temple
Hung King temple, located on Nghia Linh mountain, Hy Cuong commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province, is 85km away from Hanoi.
Hung King temple includes Lower Temple, Middle Temple, Upper Temple, Well Temple, and Thien Quang Pagoda.
There are 225 steps from Dai Mon Gate to Lower Temple, which was built in the 15th century.
The Hung King Temple Festival is annually organized from 8th to the 11th days of the third lunar month.
Since 2001, the 10th day of the third lunar March has become a national holiday.
The Hung King Temple Festival is one of the most important and sacred festivals toward Vietnamese people, which offers an opportunity for Vietnamese to visit the land of origin.
The Hung Temple festival has a special position in the minds of the Vietnamese people.
On December 6th 2012, in Paris (France), UNESCO officially recognized the worship of Hung Kings in Phu Tho Province as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
Every year, millions of people visit Hung King temple to commemorate their ancestors and pray for good weather, abundant harvests, good luck and good health.
Thuong Dang Than (Superior Saints) Temple in the village of “bouncers”
In Van Luong Commune (Tam Nong District) which is well known as its “boasting” custom, people should be deeply impressed by the complex of ancient temples and banyan trees.
Thuong Dang Than (Superior Saints) Temple worships the three great generals who served the 18th Hung King (Hung Due Vuong) in protecting the country in Hung – Thuc civil war. Their names are First Loyal Highest Tan Vien Son, the Second Loyal Highest Cao Son, and the Third Loyal Highest Trung Son.
According to the legend, in the reign of Hung Due Huong, the King had a talented and virtuous son-in-law named Mountain God Tan Vien, who helped to maintain our peace and prosperity of the country.
At that time, in his incognito working trip throughout the country, Mountain God Tan Vien collected three brave and loyal generals, who were Cao Son – Quy Minh brothers and a young man named Son.
The three generals supports to Mountain God Tan Vien in protecting the national borders from invasion of the Thuc empire.
To commemorate the merits of Mountain God Tan Vien and his generals, Hung King granted a favor to Thanh Uyen, Van Lang (currently is Van Luong Commune) that they eternally worship and restore the temple of the three Superior Saints.
Thuong Dang Than (Superior Saints) Temple is located at slope of Tron Hill and surrounded by ancient pond named as Bach Thuy Lien Tri.
Direction of the temple toward the south with total area of 780m2, architecture of the temple was designed as shape of Nhat (one) letter (based on Chinese characters).
Moreover, every year, in the spring, on the occasion of Moutain God Tan Vien’s birthday (the 15th of lunar January) and his victory (the 10th of lunar September), local people hold big festivals with palanquin processions and many other folk games.
Delegation of Thai Binh province had a working visit in Phu Tho
On 02/12/2017, the delegation of Thai Binh province, headed by Nguyen Hong Dien – Chairman of Thai Binh province, had a working visit in PhuTho province about sharing experience of construction of “Smart city” and organization of activities for Hung King festival in 2017.
The delegation was welcomed by Bui Minh Chau - member of the Party Central Committee (PCC), Deputy Party Committee Secretary, Chairman of provincial People's Committee, Ha Ke San - Member of Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee, Vice Chairman of the PPC, representative of provincial Office, and leaders of related departments and units.
At the meeting, Chairman Bui Minh Chau generally introduced the province’s socio-economic development in 2016, and some orientations for the future of PhuTho province.
Thai Binh is one of the provinces having signed the memorandum with Vietnam Military Telecommunications GroupViettelabout the cooperation of provincial construction, which is Chairman Bui Minh Chau hoped that the delegation would share the experiences of construction of “smart city”.
Furthermore, Thai Binh functioning as one of the coordinators for the 2017 Hung Kings festival, will join Phutho in preparation and organization work.
On behalf of delegation, Chairman of Thai Binh Provincial People’s Committee Nguyen Hong Dien expressed his gratitude for the warm welcoming of PhuTho’s provincial leaders.
Sharing the delegation’s experiences in the domain of “Smart city” construction, Chairman Nguyen Hong Dien said that Vietnam Military Telecommunications Group Viettel has been supporting Thai Binh to focus in 6 areas: wifi coverage in the province, administrative executive management, education, health, transportation and network security.
Connecting Hung Kings festival, Thai Binh will join with the role of organization member, and will introduce to the festival various unique cultural activities such as: hat xam (Xam singing), hat chau van (Chau van singing), hat cheo (Cheo singing)…
Nearly 80 million USD of registered investment capital to Phu Ha Industrial Zone
According to Viglacera Corporation, in addition to site clearance deployment and technical infrastructure investment construction, business and investment promotion activities in Phu Ha Industrial Zone invested by Viglacera Corporation have also achieved some positive results.
The finishing construction of technical infrastructure in the South of Phu Ha Industrial Zone.
So far, the project has attracted 5 investors from Japan and South Korea with a total registered FDI capital of about 79 million USD.
Up to the middle of February in 2017, there are one factory in operation and 4 others under construction in the total area of 18.5 ha. These four factories which are expected to come into operation in the first and second quarters of 2017, include 2 high-quality garment factories, and 3 factories producing electronic components such as power cables, cameras and phone vibration motors, batteries, and headphone shells.
There are currently about 500 employees working in Phu Ha Industrial Zone and it is expected to increase to approximately 3,000 employees in the first quarter and about 8,000 workers in 2017.
Up to now, Viglacera has invested about 200 billion dong in implementing the project, including site clearance and infrastructure construction.
Lang Cave in Xuan Son district
If visiting Xuan Son, the tourists should not miss Lang cave, an miracle cave.
Lang cave The entrance of the cave is in front of Muong Lang field.
Height of the cave is up to15 or 20 meters, and its width is nearly the same.
The cave extends along the limestone mountain.
There is a large stream flowing along the bottom of the cave.
At the points where the cave expands, its ground is covered with a layer of rocks, sand and clay.
On the roof of the cave, there are stalactites. For millions of years, they have been shaped into various beautiful and unique forms.
Area of Lang cave is large enough for thousands of tourists at the same time.
Inside the cave, there are many natural pillars.
creating a very amazing scene.
In the past time, on the 4th of the first lunar month, the villagers of Muong Lang play natural musical instruments within the cave.
Tho Than cave in Thanh Son district
Located in Thanh Son district, Tho Than cave is one of the biggest and longest cave in Xuan Son commune.
Tho Than cave expresses deeply into Ten mountain, the entrance of the cave is in front of Muong Lang field.
There are many stalactites, which is soft as which soil.
Therefore, people named it as the “Soil cave”.
Tho Than cave is a mystery because even local Dao and Muong ethnic people have not discovered all the cave.
From the bottom of the mountain to the mouth of cave, there are 300 steps.
When stepping inside, tourists would be surprised by miracle, mysterious beauty of the stalactites.
Every stalactite has its own magical history according to people’s imagination
After roads with full of obstacles, the tourists will be more interested in natural panorama.
The most special and impressive trait of Tho Than cave is “a fairy tale curtain” – created by the natural stalactites, and local people named it as Princess bed.
Gheo Singing in Phu Tho
This is the unique cultural and spiritual product of the two ethnic groups Viet – Muong only found in Phu Tho.
As a formal and polite form of address, old men and old women in ceremonial occasions are called, ‘quan trum’; ‘ba trum’; while young man and young woman are called “quan anh”, “quan chi”.
Both the nuoc nghia (twined villages) use such formal form of address regardless of hosts or guests.
The most beautiful ao the (a male traditional dress), white pants, and turbans for festivals are the costume of “quan anh”. Meanwhile, the costume of “quan chi” are five –panel traditional addresses, white blouses, silk oak pants, brassieres, colorful waistbands, key chains and kerchiefs.
How to sing: About Gheo Singing in general and Phu Tho Gheo Singing in particular, it is not too difficult to sing but it requires singers to sing legato to get the right tones.
So without practicing, it is difficult to keep the cadence. In Gheo Singing festivals, there are specific requirements for behavior, dressing, voice, procedure and location.
In Gheo Singing, the old men and women are called ‘quan trum’ and ‘ba trum’; while young men and women are called “quan anh”, “quan chi”. It is a formal and polite form of address.
Both the nuoc nghia (twined villages) use such formal form of address regardless of hosts or guests.
The ao the (a male traditional dress), white pants and turbans are the costume of “quan anh” while the costume of “quan chi” are five – panel traditional addresses, white blouses, silk oak pants, brassieres, colorful waistbands, key chains and kerchiefs.
The guests sitting on the bed in the middle of the house are often “quan trum”, “quan anh” while “ba trum”, “quan chi” often sit on the beds in the space aside.
Xoan singing of Phu Tho province
On December 24, 2011, at the 6th Meeting of the Inter-governmental Committee for the Conservation of Intangible Cultural Heritage of UNESCO held in Bali (Indonesia) Vietnam’s Xoan singing in Phu Tho was officially recognized by UNESCO as an Intangible Cultural Heritage in Need of Urgent Safeguarding.
Xoan singing (also called Lai Len singing, Dum singing, Tho singing, Cua Dinh singing) is a kind of performing art, attached to cult of worshipping Hung Kings.
Up to now, Xoan singing has become one of the original cultures in Phu Tho province.
Xoan singing has existed for more than 2000 years since Hung Kings dynasty’s national construction.
Four old Xoan guilds are An Thai, Phu Duc, Kim Doi and Thet located in two communes of Phuong Lau va Kim Duc (Viet Tri City, Phu Tho Province).
There are three forms of Xoan singing: worship singing for the Hùng kings and village guardian spirits; ritual singing for good crops, health and luck; and festival singing where villagers alternate male and female voices in a form of courtship.
Xoan singing is organized into Xoan guilds, each including 15-18 people, of which are 2-9 male instrumentalists called kep, and 6-12 female singers called dao.
Xoan singing of Phu Tho depends on the people’s knowledge, awareness and responsibilities to the community.
Xoan singing associated with Worship of Hung Kings is a significant factor in the spiritual life of ethnic minorities in Vietnam.
Launching online video conferencing system and briefings on Party organizing – building work in Phu Tho province
On the afternoon of 27th February, the Central Organization Committee launched the online video conferencing system and held a work handover conference between the Central Organization Committee and the Organization Committees of provinces and cities all over the country.
The conference was chaired by Pham Minh Chinh – Member of Politburo, Secretary of the Party Central Committee, and Chairman of the Central Organization Committee.
Attending the conference, at Phu Tho location were the comrades: Bui Van Quang – Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee; Nguyen Van Khoe – Member of the Standing Committee, Head of the Organization Board of the Provincial Party Committee.
Over the past years, the Central Organization Committee has been proactively and timely coordinating with the Provincial Party Committees, the City Party Committees, and the Central Party Committee in carrying out the assigned tasks and obtained results comprehensive and equal in all fields, step by step removing obstacles and difficulties in building the Party and building the political system from central to local levels.
However, there still remain many shortcomings and limitations in communication, updating, exchange and handling of the work.
To effectively carry out management, leadership, direction and operation of the Central Organization Committee and the whole branch of the Party Organizing – Building, to ensure smoothness, timeliness and consistence in accordance with regulations, and also to create an online communication environment between the Central Organization Committee and local units in order to promptly settle difficulties and problems in the process of organizing and implementing political tasks, the Central Organization Committee has cooperated with Vietnam Military Telecommunications Group (Viettel) to make survey, building and completion of the online communication system between the Central Organization Committee and the Organizing Committees of the Provincial Party Committees, the City Party Committees, and the Central Party Committee in a short time. So far, there are 71 bridge points in the whole country completed on schedule.
The first introduction of the online video conferencing system in the branch of the Party Organizing – Building will mark an important step in the branch’s 87 years of building and maturing and also in implementation of the future missions.
Opening Ceremony of Muong Thanh luxury Phu Tho hotel
On the morning of 30th March 2017, Muong Thanh Group held the opening ceremony of Muong Thanh Luxury Phu Tho Hotel – the 53rd hotel of Muong Thanh Group throughout the country.
Muong Thanh Luxury Phu Tho Hotel is built according to 5 star standards with its convenient position in the center of Viet Tri City.
The hotel consists of 3 restaurants i.e.Au Lac, Lac Hong and Dong Son which are well-equipped with a variety of services ranging from buffet breakfast to luxurious banquet; 
three conference rooms including Hung Vuong, Van Lang and Hong Bang with a capacity of 150 to 1,500 guests are equipped with modern facilities, ensuring the maximum functions of serving events.
The hotel's service areas including Karaoke Room, Fitness Center, outdoor swimming pool, spa and supermarket are opened all day.
Mr. Hoang Dan Mac - Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee and Chairman of the Provincial People's Council presented Muong Thanh Group with flowers.
The Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism Nguyen Ngoc Thien congratulated Muong Thanh Group on having the 48th hotel in operation, as well as congratulated Phu Tho Province on having another high class hotel.
The Minister said that at the present, the national tourism industry has been growing, for a province with great potential in tourism as Phu Tho, the opening of a luxury hotel will be "an impulsion” for the future development of tourism in the province.
The Minister also expressed his expectation that Phu Tho province’s tourism would develop continuously to contribute to the general growth of the national tourism industry.
Signing ceremony of the memorandum of understanding on implementation of the project of garbage disposal plant, power generation and environmental protection in Phu Tho province
Mr. Hoang Cong Thuy - Vice Chairman of the Phu Tho People's Committee and leaders of the two companies signed a memorandum of cooperation.
PTO- On October 11th , the Phu Tho People's Committee held the signing ceremony of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Provincial People's Committee and EUROPE TIANYING BVBA, PERFECT WAVE HOLDINGS LIMITED on implementing the project of garbage disposal plant, power generation and environmental protection in Phu Tho province.
Attending the ceremony were members of the Provincial Party Standing Committee: Vi Trong Le – Standing Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Council; Hoang Cong Thuy - Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee.
According to the memorandum of cooperation, represented by Phu Tho Tianyu Environmental Energy Co., Ltd., EUROPE TIANYING BVBA and PERFECT WAVE HOLDINGS LIMITED will build a garbage disposal plant, power generation factory in Tram Than commune, Phu Ninh district in accordance with the approved project; supplying 12 garbage trucks to districts, towns and cities; 
investing in the construction of transfer station for domestic waste, and assisting in technique to choose suitable equipment for the remain construction of the transfer station before 2019.
At the same time, coordinating with the province to set up an environmental monitoring system for waste gas and wastewater in some industrial zones in the province; 
supporting for the provincial environmental protection fund in order to carry out activities related to environmental protection;
studying the investment in a number of domestic and industrial wastewater treatment plants in industrial zones; considering investment in the solid waste treatment plants.
At the signing ceremony, the Department of Construction and Phu Tho TIANYU Environmental Energy Co., Ltd signed a contract for treatment of domestic waste and electricity generation.
“Cap Sac” Ritual of Dao ethnic people in Phu Tho
« Cap Sac » (also known as « Lap Tinh »), the lunar name-giving ritual that every Dao male experiences, is an integral ritual of Dao ethnic people.
not only is it a distinguished ritual, but also it integrates cultural and religious quintessence, as well as a comprehensive value system concerning history, culture, education, and art.
Mainly inhabitating in the area of districts of Tan Son, Thanh Son, and Yen Lap, Dao people in Phu Tho ranks third to Kinh and Muong people in provincial population ratio. There are two main streams of them: the Dao Quan Chet (close-fitting-trousered) group (alternatively Dao Chit (close-fit) or Dao Nga Hoang), and Dao Deo Tien (coin-bearing) group (or just Dao Tien (coin)).
Each group has its own forms of belief-action, yet generally they all reflect same given values.
According to Dao’s custom, a man performed “Cap Sac” will be considered as a mature man, no matter how old he is. He, therefore, can take part in important business of the village, can give the sorcerer a hand, can make ceremonial offerings, and becomes the true off-spring of the Ban King.
The Cap Sac ritual is normally held at the end of the year.
It lasts 2-3 days with two main ceremonies namely Trinh Dien (presentation) and Thu Den (light-receiving).
Within a family, Cap Sac ritual goes in the order of generations: father to sons, older brothers to younger ones.
After Cap Sac, the receiver of the ritual will be given a religious name, lunar name, and a set of moral principles specifying 10 prohibited actions and 10 encouraged ones admonishing of moral philosophy, executing good deeds, avoiding bad and malicious ones, leading a responsible life towards one’s family and society, living in harmony with mother nature, conserving traditional customs and habits, etc..
Mention of Cap Sac reminds its special activities of Mua Chuong (Bell-dancing), Doi Den (Carrying lights on head), Pao Dung singing, etc.
Seeing a name-giving ritual is a great thing to all of one’s senses.
They can simultaneously enjoy reverberant melodious sounds of gongs, drums, bronze bells and folk songs, and admire vigorously colorful traditional costume of Dao Quan Chet people, lissome bee wax traits of Dao Tien ones, plastic arts manifested in paper-cutting pictures, and worshipping paintings through which both local daily life and spiritual belief are vividly described.
The stable conservation of Dao people’s life in Phu Tho through thousands of years is the most persuasive evidence of Cap Sac’s value in functioning as a culture and belief action, a space for community life, a chance to educate youngsters of traditions and culture of the ethnic group.
It also plays as a multi-aspect picture genuinely reflecting their life, which, therefore, makes significant contributions to intangible cultural treasure of motherland Phu Tho and needs to be nurtured and preserved.
Du Yến temple festival
From February 10th to 11th (lunar January 14th to 15th), Du Yen temple festival, held in Chi Tien commune, Thanh Ba district, commemorate the virtues of Princess Ngoc Loan, who was also known as the Holy Mother of the Country as well as one of the talented female generals of Hai Ba Trung.
According to the legend, Princess Ngoc Loan, whose real name was Nguyen Thi Hanh (also called Hanh Nuong), was both intelligent and courageous with all the four moralities of an ideal woman: homemaking skills, appearance, speech manners, good behavior. She assisted Trung Queen to waive up the flag of justice, defeating the Chinese invaders.
Thanks to her excellence, she was inaugurated by Hai Ba Trung as “Head of the Vanguards”.
After defeating the enemy, Female General Hanh Nuong visited her hometown, opening a feast to her army on the 15th day of lunar January.
Since then, on the occasion of every 14th – 15th of (lunar) January, the villagers praying festivals to merit her gratitude, praying for good weather, good harvest, peace and happiness to everyone.
In the reign of Le Canh Hung King, she was honored as the Holy Mother of the Country and named in the list of national worship.
Du Yen Temple was recognized as a national historic monument in 1993.
Du Yen Temple Festival has some typical rituals such as collecting water from the river to the temple, palanquin processions to be held on the 14th of (lunar) January, offerings and sacrifices.
The legend says that on the birthday of the Holy Mother, fairy descended on the mulberry grove, singing and dancing like a festival. Therefore, on each scarifying anniversary of the Holy Mother, it requires a fairy dancing team including 04 girls from 11 to 13 years old to perform beautiful dances like fairies to serve the scarifying ritual and water procession. This dancing performance also creates a distinguished characteristic of Du Yen Temple Festival.
Au Co Foremother Festival
Au Co foremother temple is constructed in Hau Le dynasty, located in Hien Luong commune, Ha Hoa district, Phu Tho province.
Every year, not only local people, but also people over the country come to join in foremother Au Tho temple festival on 7th of Lunar January.
Beginning of the festival is the worshipping ceremony dedicated to the village’s genie in communal house, after that is ceremony at The Foremother Au Co ceremony.
They hold ceremony of thurification and offerings (including 100 kilos of cakes, 100 Pham Oan – steamed glutinous rice molded into a truncated cone, fruits and flowers).
During 3 consecutive days, the festival takes place from 7th to 9th of lunar January.
Many outside ethnic games such as fairy swing, human chess, cock fighting, the To Tom card, and the local and tourists can take part in.
History of Foremother Au Co temple
According to the legend, within 50 sons following foremother Au Co to mountains, her first son stopped at Phong Chau to found the Van Lang kingdom, mastering the country and start Hung Kings reign.
The 49 sons keep following the foremother to the source of Thao river – Hien Lương. Because of its sublime landscape, they stationed to teach local people about rice cultivation, silkworm rearing.
Since then, villages became prosperity.
When the people owned good skills, foremother Au Co and fairies flew to the sky, leaving a pink silk ribbon at the foot of a banyan tree.
Hien Luong’s peoples built a temple at the foot of the tree in honor of the mother’s merit called the Temple of Mother Au Co.
Existing of millions year history, Au Co mother temple has three times conferred a title by dynasties.
Firstly, in the dynasty of Le Thanh Thong (1428-1527), he sent his senior courtier to Ha Hoa to deify and embellish the temple.
Secondly, in the dynasty of Nguyen, Tu Duc king conferred the temple as National Foremother temple in 1874.
Thirdly, on August 3rd 1991, Ministry of Culture and Information awarded certification of national historical vestige to Foremother Au Co temple.
Nowadays, the Foremother Au Co Temple is a favorite place of tourist and an important worshiping temple in the land of Hung Kings - Phu Tho province.
Annually, the temple receives large number of pilgrims.
Steamed wild vegetables – the unique dish of Muong People
For generations, steamed wild vegetables has been a familiar food in daily meals of Muong people.
Due to their habits, Muong people tend to prefer vegetables that is sour, acrid, or bitter, which is why wild steamed vegetables is among their favorite dishes.
Steaming method retains the original taste and colors of vegetables.
The food normally made of various vegetables, including sweet potato buds, pumpkin buds, amaranths, mugworts, perillas, betal leaves, wild eggplants (the ones of the same size as normal eggplants but with thorns), wild banana flowers, etc., 
and indispensable components are papaya buds and leaves –and spotlessly white bunches of male papaya flowers (and sometimes « dang cay » leaves as well).
The integral ingredients function as ones that make the dish have a taste of bitterness.
About the receipt, the vegetables is washed, thinly sliced, well mixed, and steamed with a wooden steamer.
When the water boils, put vegetables into the steamer.
After 15-20 minutes, when scent of the vegetables, especially piper lolot leaf, can be smelled, the dish is done.
The vegetables is cooked by steamed, so it can not be overdone. The vegetables manages to stay in its original colors even after being cooked.
A standard steamed vegetable dish requires its original colors to be retained, for instance the white wild eggplants and male papaya flowers, and the light brown wild banana flowers.
Simultaneously, the specific acrid and bitter taste of mugworts and papaya leaves should be kept as well.
Steamed vegetables is an traditional dish of Muong People. They can easily make this dish after a hard-working day.
What makes the dish even more special is various medical herbs that Muong People include in it, which are bitter and acrid ones, preventing from cold and influenza, strengthening body immune systems, etc.
However, in order that the steamed vegetable to be even more charming, it should be accompanied by the fish-bowel-sauce.
Ingredients for the sauce are fish bowels, saffrons, chillies, tomatoes, onion sprouts and “fermented cold rice”.
They are all boiled to be thick.
It is stated by Mrs.Van that the key to a delicious sauce is the quality of the fish bowels: local Muong people choose carp bowels, get them well washed then seasoned with above mentioned spices.
One more noticeable thing is the oil that would be used in stir frying the bowels should derive from the very own fish.
Cooked fish-bowel-sauce is dark yellow because of the fresh saffron color and greasy taste of the fish bowels.
That is the moment when people gather around to enjoy the charming steamed vegetable dish.
The natural acridity and bitterness at the top of the tongue mixes with the greasiness, sweetness, spiciness and scent of the fish-bowel-sauce will leave an unforgettable impression for table companions.
Ready to make investment for tourism development in Ao Chau Pond Rammer
Following the guidance of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee, agreeing the proposal of the Provincial People's Committee in the Document No.42/UBND-KTTH dated 10th February 2017 approving the project of a golf course and resort villa eco-tourism complex in Ao Chau Pond rammer, Ha Hoa district invested by Trung Nam Construction Investment JSC.
Recently, the Company has carried out surveys in geo-position of Ao Chau pond rammer, so as to make detailed plans, necessary procedures for investment in Ao Chau pond rammer. Based on the result, the company could report to the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee before implementing the project investment.
Natural Landscape of Ao Chau pond rammer, Ha Hoa district.
Total area of Ao Chau pond rammer is over 300 hectares, the deepest point is over 20m. Ao Chau is located in Ha Hoa town, Y Son, Am Ha and Phu Khanh.
It is said to be a terrestrial Ha Long Bay in Phu Tho province. The pond has a water surface with area of approximately 2km² and up to 100 large and small islands covered with rich and diverse multi-species vegetation.
Building trust and confidence among investors
In recent years, attracting investment has been taking breakthrough development steps, making Phu Tho become one of the most investment attractions in the region of northern midland and mountainous provinces.
Making significant contributions to the success are Industrial Zones (IZs)and Industrial Clusters (ICs) in the province.
Under close leadership of the provincial authority, operationof the Provincial Management Board of Industrial Zones has created confidence among investors.
It may be said that development of industrial zones is associated with perfecting mechanism and organizational structure of the Provincial Management Board of Industrial Zones.
Since its establishment, the Provincial People’s Committee (PPC) has issued decisions on the functions, duties and organizational structure of the Provincial Management Board of Industrial Zones to suit each specific stage of development.
From only 2 professional departments in the past i.e. Administrative Office and Operations Department, until now the organizational structure of the Board consists of 6 professional departments and 2 administrative units to implement the direct state management function to the industrial zones in the province.
At present, the Provincial Management Board of Industrial Zones is assigned by the PPC to manage 7 industrial zones in the province and 2 industrial clusters i.e.Bach Hac and Dong Lang.
With its functions, the Board has implemented planning and attracting investment in 5 industrial zones on a total area of 1,415 ha;
 building the infrastructure of 4 industrial zones including Thuy Van, Trung Ha, Phu Ha, Cam Khe and 2 industrial clusters including Bach Hac with 79 ha and Dong Lang with 24 ha. Particularly, Phu Ha Industrial Zone which is invested by Viglacera Corporation has completed construction of its infrastructure on the area of 52 ha. Cam Khe Industrial Zone is building the access road and drainage pump station.
The land filling rate of Thuy Van Industrial Zone, Trung Ha Industrial Zone, Phu Ha Industrial Zone, Dong Lang Industrial Cluster and Bach Hac Cluster is 95%, 46.5%, 5.5%, 100% and 75.6% respectively.
To effectively attract investment, the Provincial Management Board of Industrial Zones has reinforced administrative reform with a focus on reform of administrative procedures towards simple, time-saving procedures for investment and corporation establishment to implement projects and the other procedures related to construction, production - business of the enterprises.
In 2016, the Board completed development and promulgation of the administrative reform plan and the administrative procedure control plan.
The Board has submitted to the PPC Chairman to issue decisions of administrative procedures in the field of investment, labour, and trade under the jurisdiction of the Board while deploying application of the consistent document management and operation software in the whole system.
In addition, the Board also continues perfecting the “one-door” system and applying the electronic “one-door”; system at level 3 for the administrative procedures under the jurisdiction of the Board.
In 2017, the Provincial Management Board of Industrial Zones set the targets of attracting 10 projects including 7 domestic projects with registered investment capital of VND 700 billion and 3 foreign projects with registered investment capital of USD 50 million; attracting investment projects in infrastructure construction of Phu Ninh Industrial Zone and Cam Khe.
Industrial Zone; filling land for 50% of Trung Ha Industrial Zone, 80% of Bach Hac Industrial Cluster; 20% of Phu Ha Industrial Zone and Cam Khe Industrial Zone; 
and commencing infrastructure construction of Cam Khe Industrial Zone and Phu Ninh Industrial Zone…
To accomplish these goals, the Board will focus on improving the effectiveness of support, promoting investment attraction in industrial zones and clusters, and supporting investment attraction in industrial zones in the districts and towns.
Van Mo Waterfall
The waterfall’s name is Van Mo, located in Cu Thang commune, Thanh Son district, PhuTho province.
The cascade is named after Mr.Van &amp; Mrs.Mo, a beautiful couple who discovered it. They have a lovely family now which stays next to the waterfall.
Mo waterfall is about 120kms away from Hanoi, the traffic is resonable for the tourists.
If we start from Hanoi, we must pass Son Tay district and Trung Ha bridge .Then come to Thanh Thuy district.
The way to Cu Thang is nice with the amazing landscape.
The Mo waterfall has many levels, every level has private capacity.
When the tourists come to Mo waterfall, they can discover the panorama of waterfall and the potential development of tourism of Thanh Son district.
One more investor from Korea "heads" to Phu Ha Industrial Park
PTO- According to Viglacera Corporation, Viglacera Real Estate Company – the infrastructure investor in Phu Ha Industrial Park (Phu Tho Town) has signed a contract with Davo C&amp;M Co., Ltd – a satellite business of Samsung Group (South Korea) for leasing 20,000 square meters of land in Phu Ha Industrial Park to open a factory producing electronic components.
So far, Phu Ha Industrial Park has attracted 5 Korean companies operating in the electronics industry and 2 Japanese companies operating in the textile and garment industry with the total leased land area of over 20 hectares.
Before Davo C&amp;M, Jawa Vina, NT Vina, Almus Corp and Elpostech which are all Samsung's satellite companies operating in the electronics manufacturing industry had invested in the Industrial Park.
As a multi-sector and high technology industrial complex mainly developing the electronic industry, high-grade building materials, food processing, beverage, mechanical products, pharmaceuticals ..., Phu Ha Industrial Park has an area of 350 hectares and the total investment of over VND 1,730 billion invested by Viglacera Corporation.
With its advantages of abundant and well trained labor force, low labor costs and convenient location at IC 9 intersection connecting the Industrial Park and Ha Noi – Lao Cai Freeway, Phu Ha Industrial Park has became an attractive destination for many investors in the field of electronic production, especially the component suppliers for Samsung.
At present, Phu Ha – Viglacera Industrial Park has been invested in construction of the complete and synchronous infrastructure for the stage I with 50 hectares of the clear land available to welcome enterprises to build factories therein.
There are 874 intangible cultural heritages and 308 relics in Phu Tho province
Implementing the Plan No.3089/KH-UBND of the Provincial People’s Committee on the inventory of cultural heritages in the whole province, and based on the Circular No.04/TT- BVHTTDL of the Culture, Sports and Tourism Ministry, the Provincial Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism has recently coordinated with the relevant departments and People’s Committees of districts, cities and towns in directing and guiding the local governments to inventory cultural heritages including both tangible and intangible cultural heritages in accordance with regulations.
The inventory results show that: In the area of ​​13 districts, towns and cities of the province, there are 874 intangible cultural heritages which now exist and are practiced in the community.
These heritages are classified into 7 categories including 6 heritages of spoken and written languages, 103 heritages of folk literatures, 48 heritages of folk performing arts, 59 heritages of social customs, 369 heritages of festivals, 24 heritages of traditional crafts, and 77 heritages of folk knowledge.
However, after inventory, 6 intangible cultural heritages were listed into intangible heritages in need urgent safeguarding.
Regarding the tangible cultural heritages, there are total of 967 monuments and ruins; including rated 308 monuments (1 special national monument, 73 national monuments and 234 provincial monuments).
Currently, the two typical intangible cultural heritages are Tro Tram Festival and Dao Xa Temple Festival which were recognized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and listed into national intangible cultural heritages.
Some other festivals are continuously having their scientific profiles developed and applied to the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism for being listed as national intangible cultural heritages in 2017.
Deploying IT application and propagation on Electronic communication portal in 2017
On 29th March 2017, the Provincial People's Committee held an information technology (IT) conference to implement propaganda activities on the Electronic communication portal in 2017 and launch an integrated one-door electronic system for online public services.
Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee Ha Ke San, Member of the Provincial Party Committee, Head of the Provincial IT Steering Committee, together with the delegates pressed the button to launch the provincial integrated one-door electronic system for online public services.
In 2016, the direction and administration in IT development was always timely, sticking to the guidelines and policies of the Party, the Law of the State, and consistent with the local development.
IT infrastructure in state management agencies has been built, supplemented and upgraded, basically meeting the needs of use and contributing to improving the work efficiency of the civil officials and servants as well as the provincial agencies and units.
This year has also marked a breakthrough of Phu Tho Province in the development and application of IT, readiness index for development, application of information and communication technologies in Vietnam. Phu Tho ranked the 17th out of the total 63 provinces and cities in the whole country, increasing by 14 grades compared to 2015 ...
The communication, propaganda and public service activities on the Electronic communication portal have always followed closely the directions of the Provincial Party Committee, the Provincial People's Committee, the Provincial Commission for Propaganda and Training, the Ministry of Information and Communications and other guiding documents of the State on managing, exploiting and providing public information and services on the internet, thus contributing to orienting public opinions and creating consensus in the performance of political tasks in the localities;
openly publicizing the activities of the governmental authorities and contributing to improving the Provincial Competitiveness Index (PCI) …
The conference heard leaders of the Department of Information and Communication introduce about the provincial integrated one-door electronic system for online public services with its functional facilities to simplify administrative procedures towards an e-government.
This system is officially opened with the address: http://motcua.phutho.gov.vn.
Concluding the meeting, the Vice Chairman Ha Ke San asked the leaders of departments, branches and localities to pay more attention to IT application in agencies and units.
Agencies and units should consider the focal and key investment for the development of IT facilities and technical infrastructure suitable to their respective agencies and units.
The provincial Electronic communication portal and websites should strictly manage the quality of news and articles, improve the quality of communication and propaganda, and attach importance to the work of ensuring network security and safety ...
“Dam duong” custom of the Muong people in the ancestral land
“Dam duong” or “Cham duong” involves pounding rice activity but it is more artistic and well organized during the festivals of the Muong people.
In the Muong’s language, “duong” is a wooden mortar and “cham” means pounding.
“Dam duong” is often celebrated during the New Year, weddings, seasonal festivals or house building.
The mortar, made from a large trunk, has shape as a boat, while the pestle is as long as a yoke with a narrow waist for easily handling.
Dam duong is using pestle to pound rice a mortar, especially Dam duong is only performed by women.
At the beginning of the festival, the eldest female in the family stands ahead of the mortar to make the first pounding as beginning of the ceremony called the “mother pounding”.
Afterwards, daughters and granddaughters in the family begin to pound and these pounding are called “daughter pounding” or “granddaughter pounding”.
Each sound changes in harmony to the beat of the pestles. The sounds of pounding rice create a beautiful symphony in combination with simple but pretty dances.
Foreign non-governmental aids in PhuTho
Photo Caption: Leaders of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Samaritan'S Purse give presents to students of Van Lung Primary School, Phu Tho Town.
For around 10 years recently, there has been a silent source contributing to the socio-economic development of localities which is rarely mentioned – it is the source of aids from foreign non-governmental organizations.
With its role as both a management agency and an advocacy agency, in 2016, the Department of Foreign Affairs continued to effectively carry out the work related to foreign non-governmental organizations, contributing to the socio-economic development process of the province.
At present, there are 34 foreign non-governmental organizations and foreign individuals implementing 49 aid programs and projects in 13 districts, towns and cities, and in 7 departments and branches. The total value of pledged aid projects is over USD $ 4.2 million and the disbursement value in 2016 is USD $ 2.46 million.
The fields attracting aids from non-governmental organizations operating in Phu Tho are various and diverse, including: Agriculture; Health; Education, etc.
In the field of social protection: Foreign non-governmental organizations have paid great attention to the disabled, dioxin victims and orphaned children at the sponsoring centers.
Besides the projects focusing on each specific field, there are also programs and projects on capacity building for people such as the projects "Capacity Building and Outreach" conducted by AFAP – Australia in Tan Son District; "Enhancing the participation in socio-economic development and poverty reduction" funded by Plan Foundation, etc.
The programs and projects that have been implemented have promoted their values, meeting the set objectives and plans; focused on building and equipping facilities for schools and hospitals; supported disadvantaged women and children in poor districts ... making significant contributions to hunger eradication, poverty reduction and new rural development according to the province's policy.
Especially, from 2nd October to 9th October 2016, the Department of Foreign Affairs cooperated with Habitat for Humanity – United States, Tam Nong District People's Committee and related agencies to build the content and successfully implement the program "Vietnam Big Builds 2016". It is the program of building 22 houses with the participation of 210 volunteers from 13 countries and territories in the world – under the project "Improving housing for poor families in Xuan Quang Commune and Huong Nha Commune – Tam Nong District" sponsored by Habitat.
The volunteer welcome ceremony and the closing program saw the presence of Susan Suton, US Deputy Chief of Mission in Vietnam and Haike Manning, Ambassador of New Zealand in Vietnam.
In addition to work with foreign non-governmental organizations, the Department also expanded its relationships with Embassies of Japan, Korea, India ... to propose scholarship programs and sponsor projects for difficult areas, contributing to the socio-economic development of the province.
Xuan Son National park
Located in Tan Son district, PhuTho province, Xuan Son national park is a best choice for those who are interested in exploring the Nature.
Covering of 15,000 hectares in Tan Son district, as decided by the Prime Minister in 2002, the park was transferred from a nature reserve to a national park.
The park is residence to 365 species of animals, including of 47 listed in Viet Nam's Red Book of Endangered Species and 3 classified in the World Red Book, and to 22 plant species which are listed in Viet Nam’s Red Book and World Red Book .
In addition, the park has prominent natural landscapes with hundreds of caves such as Na, Lang, Lun, Coi, Son Duong, Tho Than, Thien Nga… which boasts inside beautiful stalactites and the beauty of the Chin Tang Waterfall, Ngoc Waterfall, or Lung Troi Waterfall and three peaks - Voi, Ten and Can - with heights of over 1,000 metres each.
Xuan Son has 4 seasons a day for visitors to experience: fresh morning as spring, sunny summer in the afternoon, autumn with soft breezes in the evening, and winter with a little cold at night.
And then, the visitors can visit the villages in Xuan Son national park such as: Coi, Lang, Du, Ben Than… and explore local life of ethnic minority.
Walking in Xuan Son National Park to discover the imposing nature.
With all the advantages, in the future, Xuan Son National Park will surely become a popular ecotourism destination, attract not only the local but also foreign tourists.
Vice Chairman of the Phu Tho People's Committee Ha Ke San works at the Hung Kings temple relic site
Vice Chairman of Phu Tho People's Committee Ha Ke San concluded the conference.
PTO – On September 13th, Mr.Ha Ke San - Vice Chairman of the Phu Tho People's chaired the conference and listened to leaders of Hung Kings temple relic site reporting the regulation on the construction management according to the planning project to preserve and promote the value of the Hung Kings temple relic site by 2025.
At the conference, the delegates discussed and commented on the contents of the regulation.
In particular, for the area’s inhabitant, the delegates said that there should be clear and appropriate regulations to facilitate the people as well as ensure the planning.
To conclude the conference, Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee Ha Ke San stressed that as a special national historical relic, the regulation on the management of construction according to the planning project to preserve and promote the value of the Hung Kings temple relic site was very important. The Party, authorities and Phu Tho people were also responsible for the implementation and management of the Prime Minister's planning project to preserve and promote the value of the Hung Kings temple relic site.
He noted that it was necessary to reconsider the specific content of the object category, the scope of application, the scope of the boundary; regulations of the preservation and promotion of the values, along with construction management.
The Vice chairman of the Provincial People's Committee also requested after the conference, the departments, branches, units relating received the opinions of delegates in order to quickly complete the regulation then submit it to the Provincial People's Committee for consideration and promulgation.
HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 meals.
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City) to depart to Nha Trang.
Along the way you will visit Ca Na beach - one of the most beautiful beaches in the Central region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset from Nha Trang bay.
To Nha Trang you check in hotel and rest.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
NHA TRANG - HON LAO RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast and Lunch).
After breakfast, the coach will take you to Da Chong Port to get of the boat for a visit to Nha Phu Lagoon.
On arrival at Hon Lao Island, you can participate in games and activities such as: visiting flower park, aquarium, swimming in the sea, especially enjoying circus Monkey… 
or participate in sports and entertainment services: Canoeing, parachuting, water motoring, etc.
(expenses excluded).
In the afternoon you can choose between the two programs below:
1.Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City
Long Son pagoda - an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. Freely go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: 
spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will have to pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 3 (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, Vietravel's coach will take you to White Sand Doc Let Resort
Have lunch.
In the afternoon you will visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
You also continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
After dinner, you are free to explore the busy life of the sea city at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
NHA TRANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch).
After breakfast buffet, you make the procedures of check out.
Depart to Ho Chi Minh City.
Along the way you will stop to buy Phan Rang specialties such as: grape, garlic, etc.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh Cityin the afternoon, you are taken to the original point.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
TOUR PROGRAM.
DAY 1: HANOI – CAN THO Meals: 2 meals (lunch, dinner).
The coach and tour guide shall pick you up at No.03 Hai Ba Trung-Hanoi to depart to Noi Bai.
The tour guide shall support in making procedures for flight to Tra Noc - Can Tho. On arrival, have lunch and check in.
In the afternoon, continue to visit the Phuong Nam Zen Monastery -a the largest temple in Mekong Delta, visit Drum tower, Bell tower, worship Buddha in the main hall.
The Monastery was built with traditional ethereal architecture, you will be impressed with ironwood furniture and all kinds of precious wood brought from South Africa, especially the wooden statues that are made from two rare pine trees with more than 2 m horizontal diameter.
In the evening, be free to discover Tay Do at night.
Stay overnight in Can Tho.
CAN THO – CA MAU – BAC LIEU Meals: 3 meals.
Visit Ninh Kieu Wharf, take a boat to go sightseeing on Can Tho River towards Cai Rang Floating Market - A typical form of Mekong River Delta area, free to enjoy and buy specialties of the West (expenses excluded).
On the way to Bac Lieu, visit the Ma Toc Pagoda (Doi Pagoda) - which was built over 400 years ago and is the home of thousands of bats.
Then, pay a visit to Clay Pagoda - A famous pagoda not only by hundreds of clay statues and the clay-coated temple columns but also for three pairs of candles including 2 pairs with each candle filled up to 200kg of wax; the remaining pair of 100kg per candle that has been burned for over 40 years remains unburnt.
After lunch, continue to visit the Prince of Bac Lieu House - this house was built in 1919, designed by a French engineer and the all incorporated materials were brought from France.
After completion, it was considered as the largest house in The Six Provinces of Southern Vietnam at that time.
And above all, it used to be an ana of the resplendent life of Master Ba Huy (Tran Trinh Huy) - Dubbed "Prince of Bac Lieu".
After that, pay a visit to the Tac Say Church (Vuong Buu Diep Church).
Then, depart to Ca Mau.
Upon arrival in Ca Mau, check in.
Stay overnight in Ca Mau.
CA MAU – BAC LIEU – CAN THO Meals: 3 meals.
You will start the journey to Nam Can in the morning, take a motor boat to Dat Mui.
On the way, admire the Phan Ngoc Hien Statute - a works for memorizing Hon Khoai uprising led by teacher Phan Ngoc Hien.
On arrival in Dat Mui, visit Ca Mau Tourism Park - situated in Biosphere Reserves of the World recognized by UNESCO in May 2009.
Here, you will admire the imposing landscape of immense mangrove and blue color of sea and sky at the Observation Deck, continue to visit National Landmark and Ca Mau Cape.
In the afternoon, depart to Can Tho.
On arrival, check in and eat dinner In the evening, be free to discover Tay Do at night.
Stay overnight in Can Tho.
CAN THO – HA NOI Meals: 2 meals (breakfast, lunch).
After breakfast, you are free to go shopping of specialities in market.
the tour guide shall take you to the airport to make the procedures flight back to Hanoi(for the flight to Ha Noi after noon, Vietravel will bonus a lunch).
Upon arrival at Noi Bai airport, the coach shall take you to the gathering point; the tour ends.
HANOI - BA BE NATIONAL PARK (lunch, dinner).
The coach and tour guide shall pick you up at No.03 Hai Ba Trung-Hanoi to depart to Ba Be.
Stop to have lunch at a restaurant.
Arriving in Ba Be National Park in the afternoon.
CAO BANG - PHAT TICH TRUC LAM BAN GIOC PAGODA - BAN GIOC FALL Meals: 3 meals.
Collapse.
After breakfast at hotel, the coach shall take you to Nguom Ngao Cave - a large cave formed from the weathering of limestone for long years; entering the cave, tourists seem to step into a fantasy world, overwhelmed by the colorful stalactites strip, the charming stone statues with many different styles showing the appearance of human figures, trees, animals, etc, the stalactites dropping from the top down or from the ground grows extremely lively.
Have lunch.
In the afternoon, go sightseeing of Ban Gioc Waterfall - One of the most beautiful waterfalls between Vietnam - China border, Phat Tich Truc Lam Ban Gioc. Pagoda built in the style of traditional Vietnamese in area of 3 hectares consisting of the main items:
 Tam Quan gate, Bell tower, drum tower, stone stele and three refuges, To worship house, Mau worship house, temples of national heroes.
Then, back to the hotel, free at leisure, and have dinner.
Stay overnight in Cao Bang.
HANOI – CAN THO Meals: 2 meals (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
The coach and tour guide shall pick you up at No.03 Hai Ba Trung-Hanoi to depart to Noi Bai.
The tour guide shall support in making procedures for flight to Tra Noc - Can Tho On arrival, have lunch and check in.
In the afternoon, visit the Phung Nam Zen Monastery - a the largest temple in Mekong Delta, visit Drum tower, Bell tower, worship Buddha in the main hall.
The Monastery was built with traditional ethereal architecture, you will be impressed with ironwood furniture and all kinds of precious wood brought from South Africa, especially the wooden statues that are made from two rare pine trees with more than 2 m horizontal diameter.
In the evening, be free to discover Tay Do at night.
Stay overnight in Can Tho.
CAN THO – CA MAU – BAC LIEU Meals: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Visit Ninh Kieu Wharf, take a boat to go sightseeing on Can Tho River towards Cai Rang Floating Market - A typical form of Mekong River Delta area, free to enjoy and buy specialties of the West 
(expenses excluded).
On the way to Bac Lieu, visit the Ma Toc Pagoda (Doi Pagoda) - which was built over 400 years ago and is the home of thousands of bats.
Then, pay a visit to Clay Pagoda - A famous pagoda not only by hundreds of clay statues and the clay-coated temple columns but also for three pairs of candles including 2 pairs with each candle filled up to 200kg of wax; the remaining pair of 100kg per candle that has been burned for over 40 years remains unburnt.
After lunch, continue to visit the Prince of Bac Lieu House - this house was built in 1919, designed by a French engineer and the all incorporated materials were brought from France.
After completion, it was considered as the largest house in The Six Provinces of Southern Vietnam at that time.
And above all, it used to be an ana of the resplendent life of Master Ba Huy (Tran Trinh Huy) - Dubbed "Prince of Bac Lieu".
After that, pay a visit to the Tac Say Church (Vuong Buu Diep Church).
Then, depart to Ca Mau.
Upon arrival in Ca Mau, check in.
Stay overnight in Ca Mau.
CA MAU – BAC LIEU – CAN THO Meals: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You will start the journey to Nam Can in the morning, take a motor boat to Dat Mui.
On the way, admire the Phan Ngoc Hien Statute - a works for memorizing Hon Khoai uprising led by teacher Phan Ngoc Hien.
On arrival in Dat Mui, visit Ca Mau Tourism Park - situated in Biosphere Reserves of the World recognized by UNESCO in May 2009.
Here, you will admire the imposing landscape of immense mangrove and blue color of sea and sky at the Observation Deck, continue to visit National Landmark and Ca Mau Cape.
In the afternoon, depart to Can Tho.
On arrival, check in and eat dinner In the evening, be free to discover Tay Do at night.
Stay overnight in Can Tho.
CAN THO – HA NOI Meals: 2 meals (breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
After breakfast, you are free to go shopping of specialities in market.
the tour guide shall take you to the airport to make the procedures flight back to Hanoi(for the flight to Ha Noi after noon, Vietravel will bonus a lunch).
Upon arrival at Noi Bai airport, the coach shall take you to the gathering point; the tour ends.
HO CHI MINH CITY - MY THO - CON THOI SON - BEN TRE - CAN THO (Meals: 3 meals).
Collapse.
Gather at Vietravel. Depart for My Tho, you go on board for excursion on the Mekong river,admire the Rach Mieu Bridge - the first cable-stayed bridge designed and built by Vietnamese engineers, introduced about Dragon - Kylin - Tortoise - Phoenix isles.
See the My Tho fishing port, fish farming villages along Tien river, enjoy fresh coconut water on board.
To Thoi Son isle, walk along the village road, visit fruit orchards, enjoy the seasonal fruits and hear music and song of Southern Vietnam.
Continue to row canoe in canals to go sightseeing waterway scenes, to visit honeybee farms, enjoy honey tea.
Have lunch on Phoenix isle continue to visit the relic Dao Dua, visit crocodile farm and goi fishing crocodile.
Go down Tien river to Tan Thach canal (Ben Tre) visit traditional handicrafts villages. Back on the mainland, you depart to Can Tho, admiring and photographing My Thuan Bridge. Upon arrival inCan Tho, check in and free at leisure.
After dinner, you are free to walk to Ninh Kieu wharf, enjoy a cup of coffee in the cool breeze of the Hau River, or walk on Ninh Kieu pedestrian bridge - wavy S-shaped bridge, which spans Khai Luong canal connecting Ninh Kieu wharf and Cai Khe Isle, on the bridge, there are two lotus and color LED system controlled under different scenarios to create vivid and modern beauty.
Overnight in Can Tho.
DAY 2: CAN THO - HO CHI MINH CITY (Meals: 2 meals).
Collapse.
The coach takes you to visit Ninh Kieu wharf, go sightseeing on Can Tho river, visit Quang Trung bridge, to Cai Rang floating market - a characterized marketplace form of Mekong Delta, you are free to enjoy and buy Western specialties 
(expenses excluded).
Then, you visit My Khanh tourist village - Attractive ecotourism destination with traditional games such as: fishing, boating on the river, pig racing, etc. 
visit Ancient House.
Continue to visit Phuong Nam zen monastery- the largest pagoda in the Mekong Delta area, built with traditional, ethereal, you will be impressed with interior by iron wood and all kinds of precious wood brought from South Africa, especially the set of Buddha statues made from two rare fir trees with more than 2 m in diameter.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh City, the coach takes you to return the pick-up place and the tour ends.
TOUR PROGRAM.
DAY 1: HANOI – CAN THO Meals: 2 meals (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
The coach and tour guide shall pick you up at No.03 Hai Ba Trung-Hanoi to depart to Noi Bai.
The tour guide shall support in making procedures for flight to Tra Noc - Can Tho.
In the afternoon, visit the Phung Nam Zen Monastery - a the largest temple in Mekong Delta, visit Drum tower, Bell tower, worship Buddha in the main hall.
The Monastery was built with traditional ethereal architecture, you will be impressed with ironwood furniture and all kinds of precious wood brought from South Africa, especially the wooden statues that are made from two rare pine trees with more than 2 m horizontal diameter.
In the evening, be free to discover Tay Do at night.
Stay overnight in Can Tho.
DAY 2: CAN THO – CA MAU – BAC LIEU Meals: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Visit Ninh Kieu Wharf, take a boat to go sightseeing on Can Tho River towards Cai Rang Floating Market - A typical form of Mekong River Delta area, free to enjoy and buy specialties of the West 
(expenses excluded).
On the way to Bac Lieu, visit the Ma Toc Pagoda (Doi Pagoda) - which was built over 400 years ago and is the home of thousands of bats.
Then, pay a visit to Clay Pagoda - A famous pagoda not only by hundreds of clay statues and the clay-coated temple columns but also for three pairs of candles including 2 pairs with each candle filled up to 200kg of wax; the remaining pair of 100kg per candle that has been burned for over 40 years remains unburnt.
After lunch, continue to visit the Prince of Bac Lieu House - this house was built in 1919, designed by a French engineer and the all incorporated materials were brought from France.
After completion, it was considered as the largest house in The Six Provinces of Southern Vietnam at that time.
And above all, it used to be an ana of the resplendent life of Master Ba Huy (Tran Trinh Huy) - Dubbed "Prince of Bac Lieu".
After that, pay a visit to the Tac Say Church (Vuong Buu Diep Church).
Then, depart to Ca Mau.
Upon arrival in Ca Mau, check in.
Stay overnight in Ca Mau.
DAY 3: CA MAU – BAC LIEU – CAN THO Meals: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You will start the journey to Nam Can in the morning, take a motor boat to Dat Mui.
On the way, admire the Phan Ngoc Hien Statute - a works for memorizing Hon Khoai uprising led by teacher Phan Ngoc Hien.
On arrival in Dat Mui, visit Ca Mau Tourism Park - situated in Biosphere Reserves of the World recognized by UNESCO in May 2009.
Here, you will admire the imposing landscape of immense mangrove and blue color of sea and sky at the Observation Deck, continue to visit.
National Landmark and Ca Mau Cape.
In the afternoon, depart to Can Tho. On arrival, check in and eat dinner In the evening, be free to discover Tay Do at night.
Stay overnight in Can Tho.
DAY 4: CAN THO – HA NOI Meals: 2 meals (breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
After breakfast, you are free to go shopping of specialities in market.
the tour guide shall take you to the airport to make the procedures flight back to Hanoi(for the flight to Ha Noi after noon, Vietravel will bonus a lunch).
Upon arrival at Noi Bai airport, the coach shall take you to the gathering point; the tour ends.
HCM - NINH CHU Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You gather at 190 Pasteur, District 3, the tour departs to Ninh Chu.
On the way, visit Ca Na Beach - One of the most beautiful beaches in the Middle region, known as “Sleeping princess” by its pristine beauty.
Continue to explore Cham Poklong Giarai Tower - An unique structure and recognized as a Cham architectural and sculptural relic.
Stay overnight in Ninh Chu.
NINH CHU - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Check out and return to Ho Chi Minh City.
Visit Grape Vineyard
Visit Bau Truc, an old traditional village of Cham.
Here, you can feel the emotion and the mind of the artists in each material, color mixing secrets and patterns of the products.
On the way, stop to buy Phan Rang's specialties such as grape, garlic, etc.
Arriving Ho Chi Minh City in the afternoon, you are taken to the pick-up place.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
LIST OF DA NANG TOURS FROM HA NOI CITY.
At Da Nang You can visit the following destinations Ba Na Hill, Da Nang, Cham Island, Son Tra,.
To know more about Da Nang Please refer to.
Tour Son Tra.
Tour Son Tra include program Traveling Da Nang , See more Travel experiences Da Nang.
DA NANG – BA NA HILL – ASIAN PARK (Breakfast - Dinner).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
the coach take you to visit Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the “Da Lat in the Central”, then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded) visit: Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Gardenetc. Next, visit a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na and visit Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple. Continue to the Fantasy Park
Have lunch at Ba Na at your own expense. Freely to sightsee until the departure time.
In the evening, you can be free at leisure at the hotel, or admire the beauty of Da Nang at night, watch the bridges - symbols for nonstop development of Da Nang City such as: Dragon Bridge, Han River Bridge, Tran Thi Ly Bridge, Commercial Center, Food Street, Cafe - Bar - Disco – Disco, etc.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 3: DA NANG – HO CHI MINH (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
In the afternoon, The coach takes you Ky niem local specialites and souvernia shop – to buy local specialities.
After that the coach takes you to the Da Nang Airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - HUE Meals included: 2 meals (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 5, Domestic Terminal. Vietravel's tour guide shall support you in procedures to catch a flight to Hue.
At the Phu Bai Airport - Hue, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick you up to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda - which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Have dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 2: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world. Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Check in at the hotel
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 3: QUANG BINH - LA VANG - LANG CO - DA NANG Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co - one of the most beautiful bays in the world before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang City, then check in.
Have dinner. Free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 4: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple. Continue to the Fantasy Park.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 5DA NANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building. Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Next, take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Nha Trang - Da Nang - Hue - Thien Duong and Phong Nha Cave - Ba Na - Hoi An.
Tour code:NDSGN160-023-110718-D.
Departure:11/07/2018 Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh CityDuration: 8 Days.
Deluxe.
4.69/5 in 360 evaluation 361 126 0.
616 USD.
Seat Availability: 5.
BOOK NOW.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Use ctrl + scroll to zoom the map.
Map data ©2018 Google, SK telecom, ZENRIN.
Terms of Use.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City). And depart for Nha Trang.
Along the way, you will visit Ca Na beach - one of the most beautiful beaches in the Central region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset over Nha Trang bay.
In the evening, you are free to explore the sea city.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 2: NHA TRANG - WHITE SAND DOC LET - VINPEARL LAND (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
In the morning, the coach takes you to visit White Sand Doc Let Resort. Freely swim and do the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc.
or taste seafood (at your own expense).
In the afternoon you can choose between the two programs below:
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 3: NHA TRANG - DA NANG - HUE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
 check out.
The coach shall take you to the Nha Trang airport for a flight to Da Nang.
At the Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach shall take you and depart to Hue.
Upon arrival in Hue in afternoon, have dinner and free at leisure or export Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 4: HUE - DAI NOI (Hue Imperial City) - THIEN MU PAGODA (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel, visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda - which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 5: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world. Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length.
Check in at the hotel
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 6: QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co before going through Hai Van to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 7: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple. Continue to the Fantasy Park:
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 8: DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
Take a coach to  visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m) Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Mekong Delta: Chau Doc - Tra Su Cajuput Forest - Ha Tien - Rach Gia - Can Tho.
Tour code:NDSGN847-069-070718XE-V.
Departure:07/07/2018 Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh CityDuration: 4 Days.
Value.
4.59/5 in 370 evaluation 736 126 0.
145 USD.
Seat Availability: 5.
BOOK NOW.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Map data ©2018 Google.
Terms of Use.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - CHAU DOC - BA PAGODA (Meals: 3 meals).
Collapse.
Gather at Vietravel, depart to Tien Giang, have breakfast at Mekong Rest Stop. Then, you will go to Chau Doc, on the way, you will pass My Thuan Bridge - The first suspension bridge in Vietnam, the pride of people in Cuu Long river Delta.
To Chau Doc, take a boat to explore the beauty of rivers in Western area, visit Ca be village -the village is famous for breeding fish in the river in An Giang.
In the evening, the coach takes you to visit Ba Chua Xu Temple, Tay An ancient pagoda, Thoai Ngoc Hau tomb.
Stay overnight in Chau doc.
DAY 2: CHAU DOC - TRA SU CAJEPUT FOREST - HA TIEN - MUI NAI (Meals: 3 meals).
Collapse.
In the morning, you visit Tra Su Cajeput forest You can tour the wild natural scenery and diverse ecosystem with a variety of wild plants and animals. You can feel unique here while traveling by motorboat or boat to go between the small paths through the forest.
Continue to depart to Ha Tien, check in the hotel, in the afternoon, you visit Mac Cuu tomb - which worships Mac family with the ancestor as Mac Cuu, who explored Ha Tien, visit Phu Dung Pagoda located at the foot of Binh San mountain.
Continue to explore Mui Nai Beach, you are free to enjoy the local seafood and at the end of the day when the sun rays gradually turned off, in the sunset of southwestern sea, Mui Nai will leave you unforgettable emotions.
DAY 3: HA TIEN - HON PHU TU - HANG PAGODA - RACH GIA - CAN THO (Meals: 3 meals).
Collapse.
In the morning, you depart to Kien Luong to visit Hang Pagoda, Hon Phu Tu - The beautiful symbol of Kien Giang Province with a nice legend on father and child relation.
Continue to go to Rach Gia, visit Nguyen Trung Truc Temple - This is the earliest and largest temple of nine temples in Kien Giang.
Then, depart to Can Tho. Upon arrival, check in and free at leisure.
After dinner, you are free to walk to Ninh Kieu wharf, enjoy a cup of coffee in the cool breeze of the Hau River, or walk on Ninh Kieu pedestrian bridge- wavy S-shaped bridge, which spans Khai Luong canal connecting Ninh Kieu wharf and Cai Khe Islet, on the bridge, there are two lotus and color LED system controlled under different scenarios to create vivid and modern beauty.
Overnight in Can Tho.
DAY 4: CAN THO - CAI RANG FLOATING MARKET - HO CHI MINH CITY (Meals: 2 meals).
Collapse.
The coach takes you to visit Ninh Kieu wharf, go sightseeing on Can Tho river, visit Quang Trung bridge, to Cai Rang floating market - a characterized marketplace form of Mekong Delta. You are free to enjoy and buy Western specialties
(expenses excluded).
Visit Phuong Nam zen monastery- the largest pagoda in the Mekong Delta area, visit drum house, bell house, pray Buddha in the Main Hall. The Meditation center was built with traditional, ethereal, you will be impressed with interior by iron wood and all kinds of precious wood brought from South Africa, especially the set of Buddha statues made from two rare fir trees with more than 2 m in diameter.
Visit My Khanh tourist village- Attractive ecotourism destination with traditional games such as fishing, boating on the river, pig racing, etc.
Depart to Ho Chi Minh City. Upon arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
Northeast of Vietnam: Ha Giang - Lung Cu - Dong Van - Ma Li Leng - Meo Vac - Cao Bang - Ban Gioc Waterfall - Ba Bể.
Tour code:NDSGN152-056-060718VJ-V-O.
Departure:06/07/2018 Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City 
Duration: 6 Days.
Value.
4.61/5 in 371 evaluation 602 126 0.
396 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC - NOI BAI (HANOI) - HA GIANG (Lunch - dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Upon arrival at the Noi Bai airport, Vietravel's coach shall pick up and take you to Ha Giang.
On the way, you will admire the romantic and charming natural scenery of northeastern mountains with the tea hills, lush palm forests, and terraced fields on the hillsides.
Then, visit Ha Thanh Hamlet. It preserved the traditions and the culture of the Tay ethnic characteristics such as: Musical instruments, costumes, folk songs that have been still used in various festivals.
Stay overnight in Ha Giang.
DAY 2: HA GIANG - DONG VAN (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After breakfast, depart to Dong Van. Along the way, you admire the spectacular views of the Viet Bac mountains, then stop to rest in Quan Ba Heaven Gate - the contiguous zone between heaven and earth, watch the Tam Son town and Twins Mountain.
Then, enjoy lunch at Yen Minh (Eat at the local canteen).
On the way, visit the Sung La - where is known for a context in the famous film "Love Story of Pao".
Then, visit the Lung Cam Cultural Village (in Sung La commune), along the rows of green corn along roadsides to the village, you shall understand the special culture of the 3 ethnic groups including Lo Lo, Mong and Han.
You visit to the H'Mong historical Palace - King Vuong Chi Sinh - This is a beautiful and very unique architecture of karst plateau region.
Stay overnight in Dong Van.
DAY 3: LUNG CU - MEO VAC - CAO BANG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Depart to Meo Vac, and stop to watch the Nho Que River running through Pu San canyon when crossing the Ma Phi Leng Pass. All is like an imposing landscape painting.
Upon arrival in Cao Bang, check in, stay overnight in Cao Bang.
DAY 4: CAO BANG - NGUOM NGAO CAVE - BAN GIOC WATERFALL (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After breakfast, you take a coach to visit Ban Gioc Waterfall. On the way, stop to visit Nguom Ngao Cave
Continue to the famous Phat Tich Truc Lam Ban Gioc Pagoda - built in the traditional Vietnamese architecture in an area of 3 hectares, this is the first pagoda to be built in the northern border area of the country, in Trung Khanh District, Cao Bang province.
Stay overnight in Cao Bang.
DAY 5: CAO BANG - PAC PO HISTORICAL SITE - BA BE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You depart to Pac Bo Historical Site - where President Ho Chi Minh used to live and work with poetic and charming scenery.
Blue and dreaming stream before the cave gate was named Lenin Stream by Uncle Ho, next to the majestic mountain Marx Mount.
Check in and stay overnight in Ba Be.
DAY 6: BA BE - BAC KAN - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
The coach shall take you to a wharf, you get on a boat to visit the Ba Be Lake Next visit the Puong Cave, Fairy Pond (Ao Tien).
the depart to Hanoi.
Next, go to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Northeast of Vietnam: Bac Kan - Ba Be - Cao Bang - Ban Gioc Waterfall - Phat Tich Truc Lam Ban Gioc Pagoda - Lang Son.
Tour code:NDSGN150-020-180718VN-V.
Departure:18/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Value.
4.6/5 in 368 evaluation 647 126 0.
343 USD.
Seat Availability: 4.
BOOK NOW.
334 USD.
Seat Availability: 4.
REGISTERING AND PAYING ONLINE.
Discount 9 USD/pax.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM CITY - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAC KAN (BA BE) (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Upon arrival at the Noi Bai airport, Vietravel's coach shall pick up and take you to Bac Kan - Ba Be.
Upon arrival, check in the hotel and overnight in Ba Be National Park.
DAY 2: BAC KAN - BA BE - CAO BANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
The coach shall take you to a wharf, you get on a boat to visit the Ba Be Lake.
the Puong Cave.
Continue to Cao Bang, check in and get rest.
Stay overnight in Cao Bang.
DAY 3: CAO BANG - NGUOM NGAO CAVE - BAN GIOC WATERFALL (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After breakfast, you take a coach to visit Ban Gioc Waterfall.
Nguom Ngao Cave
Continue to the famous Phat Tich Truc Lam Ban Gioc Pagoda, in Trung Khanh District, Cao Bang province.
Back to the hotel to rest.
In the evening, you are free to walk around.
Stay overnight in Cao Bang.
DAY 4: CAO BẰNG - PAC PO HISTORICAL SITE - KIM DONG TOMB - LANG SON (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You depart to Pac Bo Historical Site - where President Ho Chi Minh used to live and work with poetic and charming scenery.
Blue and dreaming stream before the cave gate was named Lenin Stream, by Uncle Ho, next to the majestic mountain Marx Mount.
Continue to visit Kim Dong historical site - which memorizes the heroic martyrs protecting the revolutionary cadres in war time.
Depart to Lang Son.
On the way, you are heard about Chi Lang Gate, Mat Quy Mount.
On arrival check in the hotel.
Have dinner.
In the evening, freely to walk Ky Lua Night Market.
Overnight In Lang Son.
DAY 5: LANG SON - HA NOI (NOI BAI) - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Have breakfast at hotel and check out.
You visit Relics complex of Tam Thanh Cave known as “The most beautiful scene of eight ones in Lang area” given by the nature with many exciting scenes.
Continue to visit Tam Thanh Pagoda, To Thi Mount - The image of petrified woman went into the Vietnamese culture as a profound sympathy and admiration.
Then, you visit Mau Temple - onemajestic ancient temple located on a mountain in the town of Dong Dang.
After lunch, you come back Hanoi, arrive at Noi Bai Airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Northeast of Vietnam: Bac Kan - Ba Be - Cao Bang - Ban Gioc Waterfall - Phat Tich Truc Lam Ban Gioc Pagoda - Lang Son - To Thi Mountain.
Tour code:NDSGN150-027-250718VJ-V.
Departure:25/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Value.
4.7/5 in 359 evaluation 306 126 0.
343 USD.
Seat Availability: 6.
BOOK NOW.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM CITY - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAC KAN (BA BE) (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Upon arrival at the Noi Bai airport, Vietravel's coach shall pick up and take you to Bac Kan - Ba Be.
Upon arrival, check in the hotel and overnight in Ba Be National Park.
DAY 2: BAC KAN - BA BE - CAO BANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
The coach shall take you to a wharf, you get on a boat to visit the Ba Be Lake
the Puong Cave
Continue to Cao Bang, check in and get rest.
Stay overnight in Cao Bang.
DAY 3: CAO BANG - NGUOM NGAO CAVE - BAN GIOC WATERFALL (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After breakfast, you take a coach to visit Ban Gioc Waterfall.
On the way, stop to visit Nguom Ngao Cave, here you can imagine and explore the spectacular features of limestone caves with diversified shapes, characterized by Viet Bac region, as one of the longest and beautiful caves in Vietnam.
the famous Phat Tich Truc Lam.
Back to the hotel to rest.
In the evening, you are free to walk around.
Stay overnight in Cao Bang.
DAY 4: CAO BẰNG - PAC PO HISTORICAL SITE - KIM DONG TOMB - LANG SON (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You depart to Pac Bo Historical Site - where President Ho Chi Minh used to live and work with poetic and charming scenery.
Blue and dreaming stream before the cave gate was named Lenin Stream, by Uncle Ho, next to the majestic mountain Marx Mount.
Continue to visit Kim Dong historical site - which memorizes the heroic martyrs protecting the revolutionary cadres in war time.
Depart to Lang Son.
On the way, you are heard about Chi Lang Gate, Mat Quy Mount.
On arrival check in the hotel.
Have dinner.
In the evening, freely to walk Ky Lua Night Market.
Overnight In Lang Son.
DAY 5: LANG SON - HA NOI (NOI BAI) - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Have breakfast at hotel and check out.
You visit Relics complex of Tam Thanh Cave known as “The most beautiful scene of eight ones in Lang area” given by the nature with many exciting scenes.
Continue to visit Tam Thanh Pagoda, To Thi Mount - The image of petrified woman went into the Vietnamese culture as a profound sympathy and admiration.
Then, you visit Mau Temple - onemajestic ancient temple located on a mountain in the town of Dong Dang.
After lunch, you come back Hanoi, arrive at Noi Bai Airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Mekong Delta: Sa Dec - Can Tho - Ca Mau - Bac Lieu - Soc Trang (Special deal).
Tour code:NDSGN846-551-070718XE-D.
Departure:07/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.59/5 in 374 evaluation 661 126 8.
163 USD.
Seat Availability: 4.
BOOK NOW.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC - SADEC - CAN THO Number of meal: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Tourists gather at Vietravel Company (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC) to visit Tien Giang and have lunch at Meking Rest Stop.
After that, tourists visit Sa Dec and admire My Thuan Bridge - The first suspension bridge in Vietnam, the pride of the people in the Mekong Delta.
When visiting Sa Dec, the group visits Kien An Cung Pagoda - this is an ancient pagoda of the Chinese people built 100 years ago. It has unique architecture, and it is recognized as a national historic relic by Ministry of Culture.
Then tourists visit Huynh Thuy Le Ancient House - a house of a rich man in Sa Dec, who had romance with a Frech female writers, Marguerite Duras, author of “The Lovers” (L’Amant), a famous work made into film.
In the afternoon, tourists visit Can Tho and Phuong Nam Temple - the largest temple in Mekong Delta. Then tourists visit Drum Tower, Campanile and Buddhist ceremony in the Main Hall.
The Temple was built with traditional gracious architecture. Tourists will be impressed with ironwood furnitures and precious wood types brought from South Africa, especially the Buddha statue made from precious cedar wood with diameter of 2m.
Then, the group visits My Khanh Tourist Area - an attractive Ecotourist attraction with fun traditional games such as: fishing, rowing, pig racing, etc., and visits Ancient House.
After having dinner, tourists can freely go for a walk to Ninh Kieu Wharf and enjoy coffee and the cool wind from Hau River, or walk on Ninh Kieu Footbridge - an S-shaped bridge accoss Khai Luong Canal and connecting Ninh Kieu Wharf to Con Cai Khe. The bridge has two lotus statues and LED system controlled by different scenarios, which brings a vivid and modern beauty.
Tourists spend the night in Can Tho.
DAY 2: CAN THO - CA MAU Number of meal: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Tourists visit Ninh Kieu Wharf and have a river tour on Can Tho River to Cai Rang Floating Market - a typical market type in Mekong Delta. Tourists can freely enjoy and buy Western specialties (self-supported).
Tourists have lunch in Bac Lieu.
After the lunch, tourists visit Prince of Bac Lieu House - a house built in 1919, designed by a French engineer. All building materials were brought from France.
After the construction, it was considered as the greatest house in The Six Provinces of Southern Vietnam at that time.
Moreover, the highlight is the anecdote of the golden life of Ba Huy (Tran Trinh Huy) - known as Prince of Bac Lieu.
Tourists arrive Ca Mau and check into the hotel for resting.
In the evening, tourists can freely go for a walk on the night market to enjoy Southern food through specialties such as banh tam ga cay, banh lot ga, bun nuoc leo, etc., 
and admire the center statue or Phan Ngoc Hien Bridge under the attractive color-changing lights.
Tourists spend the night in Ca Mau.
DAY 3: CA MAU - DAT MUI - BAC LIEU Number of meal: 3 meals.
Collapse.
In the morning, tourists visits Nam Can. After arriving the wharf, tourists visit Dat Mui on canoes.
On the way there, tourists can admire Phan Ngoc Hien Statue - a construction in memory of Hon Khoai revolution led by Phan Ngoc Hien.
After arriving Dat Mui, the groups visits Mui Ca Mau Cuture Tourism Park located in the Mui Ca Mau World Biosphere Reverse recognized by UNESCO in May 2009.
Tourists can admire the majestic beauty of vast mangrove forest and the blue sky through the Observatory. Then, the tourists continue to visit National Coordinate Landmark and the Bow.
In the afternoon, the group returns Bac Lieu to visit Tac Say Church (Father Truong Buu Diep Church).
In the evening, tourists can freely go for a walk and enjoy specialties such as sour, spicy and pleasing Turnip Cake or Vietnamese Crepe at longan garden, etc.
Then, tourists spend the night in Bac Lieu.
DAY 4: BAC LIEU - SOC TRANG - HCMC Number of meal: 2 meals (breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Tourists have breakfast and check out from the hotel.
The car drives tourists to visit and take photo at Cao Van Lau Theatre (Conical hat theatre) - the heart of the Square.
Tourists have lunch in Can Tho.
Then the group returns to Ho Chi Minh City. Then Vietravel drives tourists to the gathering point and ends the tour.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC- BAN ME THUOT Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
Tourists gather in Vietravel Company (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC). Depart to Ban Me Thuot.
On the way, admire legendary Truong Son Road (National Highway 14) and call on Dray Nur Waterfall - A beauty sight formed by the combination between Krong No River and Krong A Na that are named Husband river and Wife river by E De and M'Nong ethnic minorities. Dray Nur Waterfall looks like a giant magnificent wall of water in the middle of a sparkling water flower region.
In the evening, free to stroll streets or go sightseeing Trung Nguyen Coffee Village - Coming here, you will be served coffee in three 180 - 200 years old houses brought from Hoi An. The village also has a very nice communal house, coffee leave-shaped houses and an artificial rocky area, where you can buy coffee specialties.
Overnight in Ban Me Thuot.
DAY 2: BAN ME THUOT - PLEIKU Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
Check out, depart to Pleiku. Continue to visit Yaly Hydropower, To Nung Lake 
Visit Minh Thanh Pagoda - as an architectural complex with spirit nature, coming here, besides the feeling of peace, calm, you can also admire bigger portrayed details in the temple than others such as the altar of the Buddha Hall, the small set of bells, the censers.
Overnight in Pleiku.
DAY 3: PLEIKU - BAN ME THUOT Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
After breakfast, check out then depart back to Ban Me Thuot, enjoy lunch. Continue to visit Vietnam Museum of Ethnology - Where stores valuable cultural objects of more than 44 ethnic groups living in Dak Lak and ancient camphor tree dated back 1994.
In the afternoon, you will have the opportunity to experience a wonderful feeling when riding gentle elephants in Don Hamlet (expenses excluded) and admiring majestic landscape of National Yok Don Tropical Forest, sightseeing Serepok River Suspension Bridge, 120 years old House on stilts of Laotians, learn the legend King Hunting Elephants, visit villages of the ethnic minorities: Laotian, Khome, E de, M’Nong, etc..
In the evening, you are free to stroll mountainous streets at night.
DAY 4: BAN ME THUOT - HCMC (Breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Check out hotel: The coach departs to take you back to HCMC.
On arrival in HCMC in the afternoon, say goodbye to you and end the tour.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC- BAN ME THUOT Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
Tourists gather in Vietravel Company (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC). Depart to Ban Me Thuot.
On the way, admire legendary Truong Son Road (National Highway 14) and call on Dray Nur Waterfall - A beauty sight formed by the combination between Krong No River and Krong A Na
Overnight in Ban Me Thuot.
DAY 2: VIETNAM CENTRAL HIGHLAND Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
After breakfast, you will have the opportunity to experience a wonderful feeling when riding gentle elephants in Don Hamlet (expenses excluded)
 and admiring majestic landscape of National Yok Don Tropical Forest, sightseeing Serepok River Suspension Bridge, 120 years old House on stilts of Laotians, learn the legend King Hunting Elephants, visit villages of the ethnic minorities: Laotian, Khome, E de, M’Nong, etc.
Continue to visit Khai Doan Pagoda, a fascinating tourist attraction as well as historical and cultural relic of Dac Lac Province and Ban Me Thuot City.
In the afternoon, visit Vietnam Museum of Ethnology - Where stores valuable cultural objects of more than 44 ethnic groups living in Dak Lak.
The coach continues to take you to go sightseeing Trung Nguyen Coffee Village - Coming here, you will be served coffee in three 180 - 200 years old houses brought from Hoi An. The village also has a very nice communal house, coffee leave-shaped houses and an artificial rocky area, where you can buy coffee specialties.
Overnight in Ban Me Thuot.
DAY 3: BEAUTY OF HIGHLAND Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
Enjoy breakfast, then the coach will take you to visit Lak Lake.
In the afternoon, visit Ko Tam Village Resort to exchange and explore the beauty of the cultural traditions, characteristics of Ede indigenous peoples between immense jungle.
DAY 4: BAN ME THUOT - HCMC (Breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Check out hotel: The coach takes you back to HCMC.
On arrival in HCMC in the afternoon, say goodbye to you and end the tour.
Ninh Chu - Rai Cave - Binh Hung Island (3 Star Hotel).
Tour code:NDSGN560-048-060718XE-V.
Departure:06/07/2018
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Value.
4.64/5 in 368 evaluation 664 126 0.
123 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM - NINH CHU Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You gather at 190 Pasteur, District 3, the tour departs to Ninh Chu.
On the way, visit Ca Na Beach - One of the most beautiful beaches in the Middle region, known as “Sleeping princess” by its pristine beauty.
Continue to explore Cham Poklong Giarai Tower - An unique structure and recognized as a Cham architectural and sculptural relic.
Stay overnight in Ninh Chu.
DAY 2: NINH CHU - BINH HUNG - HANG RAI - BINH LAP - NGOC SUONG Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
After having breakfast, Visit Hang Rai.
Back to Ninh Chu for dinner and free at leisure.
DAY 3; NINH CHU - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Check out and return to Ho Chi Minh City.
Visit Grape Vineyard.
Visit Bau Truc, an old traditional village of Cham.
Here, you can feel the emotion and the mind of the artists in each material, color mixing secrets and patterns of the products.
On the way, stop to buy Phan Rang's specialties such as grape, garlic, etc.
Arriving Ho Chi Minh City in the afternoon, you are taken to the pick-up place.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
Southeast of Vietnam: Con Dao (Special deal).
Tour code:NDSGN821-155-110718VN-V.
Departure:11/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Value.
4.65/5 in 365 evaluation 422 126 0.
334 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - CON DAO (Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel Counter, Column 10 at the Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Con Dao
You visit Phu Hai Prison, France - America Cage,
visit Hang Duong Martyrs' Cemetery - Burn incense at the memorial for nearly 2,000 tombs of the patriotic soldiers,
Phi Yen Temple, then visit Van Son Pagoda - The first and unique pagoda in Con Dao.
Stay overnight in Con Dao.
DAY 2: CON DAO (Three meals).
Collapse.
The coach takes you to visit Dam Trau beach - One of the most pristine and beautiful beaches in Con Dao with fine sand, blue sea.
On the way, you stop to burn incense to visit Cau Temple - which worships Prince Cai, the son of Nguyen Anh and Phi Yen.
you visit Ben Dam port
Shark Cape, Love Peak Continuously, you visit Nhat Beach.
Wharf 914.
Stay overnight in Con Dao.
DAY 3: CON DAO - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast).
Collapse.
Con Dao Market.
Take a coach to the Co Ong Airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh City, say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Nha Trang - Da Lat (3 Star Hotel).
Tour code:NDSGN523-102-070718XE-V-1.
Departure:07/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Value.
4.57/5 in 374 evaluation 695 126 5.
193 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1; HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City). And depart for Nha Trang.
On the way, visit Ca Na Beach - One of the most beautiful beaches in the Middle region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset over Nha Trang bay.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 2: NHA TRANG - WHITE SAND DOC LET - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
In the morning, the coach takes you to visit White Sand Doc Let Resort – Freely swim and play the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc.
or taste seafood (at your own expense).
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below.
1.Visit Long Son pagoda which is an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
2. Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 3: NHA TRANG – HUONG TRAM AGARWOOD FARM - DA LAT (Breakfast, lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
In the morning, coach takes You to visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center.
depart to Da Lat.
At night, You freely enjoy coffee in the mild air of the mountainous city.
Overnight in Da Lat.
DAY 4: DA LAT - THE FLOWER CITY Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You visit and conquer Langbiang Mountain - The roof of Central Highlands, have the panoramic view of mountain, Dankia lake, Suoi Vang with the meandering rivers seen from above 
(Go to the Mountain by Jeep car as a choice - At your own expense).
Continue to visit Golden Valley - attractive sceneries with the gardens, stone area, bonsai garden or artificial waterfall, etc.
In the afternoon, Bao Dai Private Residence (Dinh III) - The place where the family of final King in the feudal dynasties of Vietnam lived in and worked, is the next destination.
coach takes You to visit the longest Clay-art underground with majestic, impressive sculptures in terracotta recognized in Vietnam Book of Records.
Pay a visit Da Lat Market and buy the local specialties.
Stay overnight in Da Lat.
DAY 5: DA LAT - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
In the morning, you will visit Truc Lam Temple - Get the panoramic view of Tuyen Lam Lake with the beautiful nature, mountains and pine forest in Da Lat, etc.
Continue to visit the Falls Datanla - Here you can conquer the challenge to slide the tube service to visit the falls ( expenses excluded ).
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - La Vang - Phong Nha cave - Hue - Da Nang.
Tour code:NDSGN332-042-150718BL-D.
Departure:15/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.67/5 in 363 evaluation 442 126 0.
290 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them,take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
In the afternoon, you shall take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet.
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 2: DA NANG – BA NA – HUE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), 
enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple,the Fantasy Park
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world.
On arrival in Hue, check in and free at leisure.
In the evening, you are free at leisure or explore Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 3: HUE - LA VANG - PHONG NHA CAVE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land - An important shrine of Vietnamese Catholics in Quang Tri, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Cung Dinh Cave, etc.
Then, depart to Hue at little late, about 08:00 pm.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(Note: In case, you do not visit the Phong Nha Cave, but freely visit and explore Hue on a whole day and self support lunch and dinner, please inform at the time of registration: refund of VND 350,000).
DAY 4: HUE - DA NANG -HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel. Then, take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda-which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Next, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Hue - Thien Duong cave - Cu Lao Cham Island - Hoi An - Ba Na- Da Nang.
Tour code.:NDSGN307-026-150718BL-D.
Departure:15/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
334 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC - HUE Number of meal: 2 (lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column No.4, Domestic Terminal. Vietravel tour guides will support the Hue flight procedure for tourists.
At Phu Bai - Hue Airport, Vietravel cars and tour guides drive tourists to Tomb of Tu Duc - a place with charming landscape of mountain and river, which is considered as one of the most beautiful designed mausoleums of Nguyen dynasty.
Vietravel’s cars drive tourists to Dai Noi - the old Royal Palace of 13 Nguyen Kings, Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Mieu Temple, Hien Lam Cac Pavilion, Cuu Dinh, etc.
The group continues to visit Thien Mu Pagoda - considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue, which stores lots of precious antiques in terms of history and art.
Tourists spend the night in Hue.
DAY 2: HUE - PARADISE CAVE Number of meal: 3 (breakfast, lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
The group takes early departure to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), and visit Truong Son Martyr’s cemetery on the road.
Paradise Cave - considered as the underground Royal Palace with a beautiful and marvelous limestone cave having a record length of over 30 km.
Tourists spend the night in Quang Binh.
DAY 3: QUANG BINH - LA VANG - LANG CO - DA NANG Number of meal: 3 (breakfast, lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
Tourists take a departure to Hue and visit Quang Tri Ancient Citadel on the way and listen to the tour guide’s introduction of the Demilitarized Zone and Hien Luong Brigde - Ben Hai River (the 17th parallel), then continue to visit La Vang Holy Land.
Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world for photograph before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang.
In the afternoon, the group visits Son Tra Peninsula and Linh Ung Pagoda - This place has the highest Quan Yin Statue of Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, tourists can comprehensively admire the whole view of the city, the mountain and Son Tra Sea.
In the evening, tourists can rest at the hotel. Tourists spend the night in Da Nang.
DAY 4: DA NANG - CU LAO CHAM - HOI AN Number of meal: 3 (breakfast, lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
The cars drive tourists to Cua Dai to begin the island exploration tour. After the canoe arrives Bai Lang, tourists visit Cu Lao Cham Conservation Area, Hai Tang Pagoda, Au Thuyen, etc., 
to learn about the island residents’ lives.
After that, boats bring tourists to Bai Xep to freely snorkel to see coral.
After visiting Bai Ong, tourists can immerse in the blue sea and the white sand beach.
In the afternoon, the canoe brings tourists to the mainland. After that, tourists continue to visit Hoi An Ancient Town: Cau Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Handicraft Facility, etc., 
Then, tourists spend a night in Da Nang.
DAY 5: DA NANG - BA NA - HCMC Number of meal: 2 (breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
The cars drive tourists to Ba Na - Suoi Mo, after arriving, tourists take the cable car to Ba Namountain peak (self-sufficient), and enjoy the chilly air of “Da Lat in Central Region”, and visit: Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Wine cella, Le Jardin D’Amourgarden, etc. Then, tourist visit the new Spiritual Landmark of Ba Na and Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple Fantasy Park
Then, tourists have lunch.
Vietravel’s cars will drive tourists to Da Nang Airport to catch the flight to HCMC.
Vietravel will say goodbye to tourists and end the tour program at Tan Son Nhat Airport.
Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An - La Vang - Thien Duong Cave - Hue.
Tour code:NDSGN311-023-150718VJ-V.
Departure:15/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Value.
4.6/5 in 375 evaluation 747 126 28.
282 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG - HOI AN Meals: 2 meals (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal. The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang. Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Then,take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
In the afternoon, take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet 
(For tours from December to March annually, sea swimming is not included in the program due to cold sea).
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Back to Da Nang Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 2: DA NANG - SON TRA - BA NA - HUE Meals: 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple the Fantasy Park
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 3: HUE - LA VANG HOLY LAND- PARADISE CAVE Meals: 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Then, return to Hue (rather late at 08:00 pm)
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 4: HUE - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel. Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda-which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Then, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Phu Bai Airport - Hue to catch a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - La Vang - Phong Nha cave - Hue - Da Nang.
Tour code:NDSGN332-043-160718BL-D.
Departure:16/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.57/5 in 374 evaluation 670 126 0.
290 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them,take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet.
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 2: DA NANG – BA NA – HUE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel. You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple. the Fantasy Park
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world.
On arrival in Hue, check in and free at leisure.
In the evening, you are free at leisure or explore Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 3: HUE - LA VANG - PHONG NHA CAVE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Cung Dinh Cave, etc.
Then, depart to Hue at little late, about 08:00 pm.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(Note: In case, you do not visit the Phong Nha Cave, but freely visit and explore Hue on a whole day and self support lunch and dinner, please inform at the time of registration: refund of VND 350,000).
DAY 4: HUE - DA NANG -HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel. Then, take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, ...
then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Then, take a coach to go through the Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang. Next, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Hue - La Vang - Phong Nha cave and Thien Duong cave - Ba Na - Hoi An - Da Nang.
Tour code:NDSGN301-171-160718VJ-D.
Departure:16/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Deluxe.
4.66/5 in 362 evaluation 577 126 4. 326 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - HUE Meals included: 2 meals (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 5, Domestic Terminal. Vietravel's tour guide shall support you in procedures to catch a flight to Hue.
At the Phu Bai Airport - Hue, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick you up to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, 
continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda - which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace 
(Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 2: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 3: QUANG BINH - LA VANG - LANG CO - DA NANG Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co - one of the most beautiful bays in the world before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang City, then check in.
Have dinner. Free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 4: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple the Fantasy Park
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 5: DA NANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m) Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Next, take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Northwest of Vietnam: Nghia Lo - Tu Le - Mu Cang Chai - Yen Bai - Sapa - Dien Bien - Son La - Moc Chau - Happy Land.
Tour code:NDSGN172-060-170718VJ-V.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 6 Days.
4.58/5 in 373 evaluation 649 126 0.
396 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM City - Noi Bai Airport (HANOI) - YEN BAI - NGHIA LO (Including lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
Gathering in Tan Son Nhat International Airport (Domestic Terminal), receiving guidance to fulfill procedure of the flight to Hanoi.
Arriving at Noi Bai International Airport, starting traveling to Yen Bai.
On the way to Yen Bai, visiting:
- Hung King’s Temple: the place to worship the Hung Kings - who are the first founder of the country, the ancestors of the Vietnamese people, a solemn relic complex on Nghia Linh mountain.
Worshiping ancestors, visiting Thuong temple, Trung temple, Ha temple, Gieng Temple, King Hung Tomb.
- In the evening, enjoying Xoe dancing, finding beautiful traditional culture of Thai ethnic.
Spending a night in Nghia Lo.
DAY 2: NGHIA LO - MU CANG CHAI - SAPA (Including breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Collapse.
Checking out, going to Mu Cang Chai, passing by:
- Tu Le, enjoying a faint pleasant smell of “new rice” on the roof, a famous place of sticky rice, dried rice flakes.
- Khau Pha Pass: the most dangerous and longest pass on National Highway 32 which is listed as one of “four longest passes” with the length of over 30 kilometers.
- Lim Mong Village: a village of Mong people with the most beautiful paddles in Mu Cang Chai.
Being ready to get in a stupor for beauty of the famous terraced rice fields in 3 communes: La Pan Tan, Che Cu Nha và Ze Xu Phinh.
Visiting large valleys, corners and rice fields curved and folded along the continuous mountain range.
- In the evening, walking and viewing Stone Church of Sapa, having free time to enjoy highland specialties, such as: Roasted pork, roasted eggs, Docynia wine, chatting with ethnic people.
Spending a night in Sapa.
DAY 3: SAPA - DONG TIEN SON - LAI CHAU (Including breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Collapse.
Starting going to Lai Chau, passing by:.
- Bac Waterfall.
- O Quy Ho Pass: In between Lao Cai and Lai Chau, the pass meandering along Hoang Lien mountain range and also called Sky Gate, one of “four longest passes” in the East of Tay Bac.
- Conquering majestic Fansipan mountain with cable (paid by guest) - named as “the roof of Dong Duong” at the height of 3,143 meters.
Besides, at departure terminal, visiting Trinh Pagoda or wishing wealth and peace to family at Ha Pagoda in departure terminal.
- Tien Son Cave: with marvelous colored veins in various shapes.
The feature is cave bed with a clear stream passing by, meandering along the cave through four seasons.
Spending a night in Lai Chau.
DAY 4: LAI CHAU - DIEN BIEN (Including breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Collapse.
Starting going to Dien Bien:
- On the way, enjoying the beauty of Tay Bac mountains along Nam Na river and the wetland due to raised water from the damp of Son La Hydropower Plant at the junction of the three rivers including: Da river, Nam Na river and Nam Rom river.
- Dien Bien Phu Museum: Built in 1984 on vacation of 30 years of the historic victory of Dien Bien Phu.
- A1 Hill and Cementary: Visiting A1 Hill, bunker of General de Castries.
Spending a night in Dien Bien.
DAY 5: DIEN BIEN - SON LA - MOC CHAU – HAPPY LAND RESORT (Including breakfast, lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
Starting going to Moc Chau - Son La, visiting:
- Pha Din Pass: Also one of the “four longest passes” in the East of Tay Bac and listed as one of the six most impressive passes in Vietnam.
- Happy Land Moc Chau Resort: Laying in a large valley in Lun village, surrounding with white mountain slopes, and along its downstream there is Sap stream running from Laos with clean and clear water, etc.
All of things create a beautiful and enchanting landscape.
- Moc Chau Tea Plantation: Tea fields along the hills look like greenish terraced rice fields stretching endlessly.
- Specialties produced from famous fresh milk of Moc Chau’s cows, which could be very good as gifts.
Spending a night in Moc Chau.
DAY 6: MOC CHAU – MAI CHAU (LAC VILLAGE) - NOI BAI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (HANOI) (Including breakfast and lunch).
Collapse.
Starting going to Hoa Binh, visiting:
- Lac Village in Mai Chau - Understanding stilt houses, traditions, home stay style of Thai people here.
Taking lunch in Hoa Binh.
Then, going back to Noi Bai International Airport to take a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Saying goodbye and closing the tour at Tan Son Nhat International Airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Fansipan - Yen Tu - Ha Long - Hai Phong ( Special deal ).
Tour code:NDSGN131-012-160718VJ-D.
Departure:16/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Deluxe.
4.67/5 in 363 evaluation 448 126 2. 352 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
DAY 2: SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
In the afternoon, climb the Ham Rong Mount for sightseeing and photography of Sapa town in fog, visit the blooming orchid garden, the central garden, watch the majestic Mount Fansipan, Heaven Gate, Thach Lam Dragon Head, Cloud Yard.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
DAY 3: SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou", go shopping at Coc Leu market.
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
In the evening, you are free to explore Ha Noi at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and find out about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Stay overnight in Halong.
DAY 5: HA LONG - (Cat Bi) HAI PHONG - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Next, take a coach to the Cat Bi airport (Hai Phong) for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Fansipan - Yen Tu - Ha Long - Bai Dinh - Trang An.
Tour code:NDSGN183-101-170718VJ-D-1.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 6 Days.
Deluxe.
4.63/5 in 371 evaluation 984 126 8.
405 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
DAY 2: SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
In the afternoon, climb the Ham Rong Mount for sightseeing and photography of Sapa town in fog, visit the blooming orchid garden, the central garden, watch the majestic Mount Fansipan, Heaven Gate, Thach Lam Dragon Head, Cloud Yard.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
DAY 3: SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou".
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Overnight in Halong.
DAY 5: HA LONG - NINH BINH (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the afternoon, take a coach to Ninh Binh.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 6: NINH BINH - TRANG AN - HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Return to Hanoi, then take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Royal City - Bai Dinh Pagoda - Trang An - Yen Tu - Ha Long Bay (Special deal).
Tour code:NDSGN104-026-170718VJ-V.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Value.
4.61/5 in 370 evaluation 1026 126 0.
299 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - (NOI BAI) HANOI - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
Ha Noi - Sapa - Ha Long - Ninh Binh - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha Cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An.
Tour code:NDSGN164-023-190718-D.
Departure:19/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 11 Days.
Deluxe.
4.64/5 in 365 evaluation 418 126 0.
907 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - SAPA (Lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
DAY 2: SA PA - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
DAY 3: LAO CAI - HA NOI (3 Meals).
Collapse.
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou".
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HA NOI - YEN TU - HA LONG ( 3 Meals ).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Stay overnight in Ha Long.
DAY 5: HA NOI - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (3 Meals).
Collapse.
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the afternoon, take a coach to Ninh Binh.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 6: NINH BINH - HANOI ( 3. meals ).
DAY 7: HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (3 Meals).
Collapse.
visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, 
then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace 
(Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 8: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (3 Meals).
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 9: QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (3 Meals).
Collapse.
on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 10: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden,  Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple. the Fantasy Park.
visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 11: DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA - HCM CITY (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
Take a coach to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building. Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in  perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Ha Noi - Ninh Binh - Ha Long - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An.
Tour code:NDSGN161-023-210718-D.
Departure:21/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 9 Days.
Deluxe.
4.65/5 in 364 evaluation 363 126 0.
749 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (Lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh. Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
the Trang An Tourist Site. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave.
stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 2: HA NOI - HA LONG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
depart to Ha Long. Upon arrival at the Ha Long Bay, you will go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Ha Long Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Overnight in Ha Long.
DAY 3: HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Take a coach to visit Bai Chay Bridge, the Quang Ninh Museum.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes.
DAY 4: HA NOI - HUE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
the Temple of Literature.
Overnight in Hue.
DAY 5: HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel. visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, 
continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda-which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace 
(Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 6: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 7: QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 8: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple the Fantasy Park.
visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 9: DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA - HCM CITY (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m). Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Ha Noi - Ninh Binh - Ha Long - Pelican Cruise - Hue - Thien Duong and Phong Nha cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An.
Tour code:NDSGN162-024-210718-D.
Departure:21/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 9 Days.
Deluxe.
4.65/5 in 366 evaluation 363 126 0.
837 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (Lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04 or 10 . Domestic Terminal. The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh. Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 2: NINH BINH - HA LONG (3 Meals).
Collapse.
depart to Ha Long. Upon arrival at the Halong Bay, take a canoe to the 4 star Pelican Cruise, enjoy drinks while listen the program and safety measures to ensure the safety on board.
Enjoy a buffet lunch on board and admire the Ha Long Bay scenery, including: Cho Da Island, Ga Choi Island, Dinh Huong Island.
Stay overnight on Pelican Cruise.
DAY 3: HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (3 meals).
Collapse.
Early in the morning, enjoy the sunrise on board or join Taichi classes (fitness supplements) in the morning, then eat a light breakfast on board.
Then, continue to visit the Sung Sot Cave, one of the most beautiful and famous caves of Ha Long Bay.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HA NOI - HUE (3 Meals).
Collapse.
DAY 5: HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (3 Meals).
Collapse.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, 
then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda-which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace 
(Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 6: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (3 Meals).
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km lengt.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 7: QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (3 Meals).
Collapse.
on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 8: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden.  Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple the Fantasy Park.
the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 9: DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m). Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Ha Noi - Bai Dinh - Trang An - Ha Long Bay - Yen Tu.
Tour code:NDSGN101-061-210718VJ-D.
Departure:21/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.68/5 in 360 evaluation 436 126 0.
326 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - HANOI - NINH BINH - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN TOURISM SITE (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel counters, columns 05 at the Domestic Terminal. The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
You will take a coach to Ninh Binh. Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave.
stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 2: NINH BÌNH - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
check out and depart to Ha Long. Upon arrival at the Ha Long Bay. In the afternoon, you will take a cruise on Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Overnight in Halong.
DAY 3: HA LONG – YEN TU - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Visit Bai Chay Bridge, the Quang Ninh Museum.
the Yen Tu Mountain - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda, the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum,One Pillar Pagoda.
visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Cruise - Bai Dinh - Trang An - Sung Sot Cave - Titop Island.
Tour code:NDSGN102-026-210718VN-D.
Departure:21/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.69/5 in 359 evaluation 508 126 0.
409 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - (NOI BAI) HANOI - NINH BINH - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN HERITAGE ((Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Phan Thiet (Resort 3 star).
Tour code:NDSGN551-035-170718XE-V.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Value.
4.47/5 in 391 evaluation 1013 126 1. 132 USD.
Seat Availability: 5.
BOOK NOW.
125 USD.
Seat Availability: 5.
REGISTERING AND PAYING ONLINE.
Discount 7 USD/pax.
TOUR PROGRAM.
DAY 1: HCMC - MUI NE Meals included: 3.
Collapse.
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City) to depart to Phan Thiet.
Stay overnight in Mui Ne. .
Nha Trang Vinpearl Resort 5 Star.
Tour code:NDSGN500-037-180718VJ-D-9.
Departure:18/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Deluxe.
4.66/5 in 365 evaluation 485 126 0.
378 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC - CAM RANH - NHA TRANG – I RESORT Meals included: 2 meals (Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at column no.04 (Vietjat Air) or column no.10 (Vietnam Airlines/ Jetstar Pacific), Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
When arriving, the coach will take you to visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
Then check in Vinpearl Resort 5 star. Stay overnight in Vinpearl.
DAY 2: NHA TRANG - VINPEARL RESORT 5* Meals included: 3 (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After buffet breakfast at the Vinpearl, You can relax at the beach or enjoy the facilities of the resort.
You can also come and enjoy Vinpearl Land Entertainment Paradise (expenses included) - Built on an area of nearly 200,000m2, consisting of various world-class, modern and unique works with the longest over-the-sea cable car system in the world; you can freely shop in the shopping street of over 6,000m2 large, have fun in the water park with a lot of exciting thrilling games and you can participate in outdoor games such as: Spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, Vinpearl Water park with nearly 300 species of sea creatures and 90m underwater tunnel...
In addition you can enjoy the unique modern water dance performances with music typical of many cultures around the world and live laser effects….
Stay overnight in Vinpearl.
DAY 3: NHA TRANG – HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
Then, go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Nha Trang - Tam Island - White Sand Doc Let - Hot Spring Iresort - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 3 stars).
Tour code:NDSGN504-024-190718VJ-V.
Departure:19/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Value.
4.61/5 in 373 evaluation 614 126 6. 202 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC - CAM RANH - IRESORT- NHA TRANG Meals included: 2 meals (Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at column no.04 or column no.10, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
When arriving, the coach will take you to visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 2: NHA TRANG - HON TAM RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
After breakfast, the coach takes you to Hon Tam harbor for a boat to Hon Tam Island - the tropical island with charming blue sea and white sand.
On arrival you are free to swim in the sea or dip yourself relaxing in the swimming pool, visit Ancient houses - where preserves and reproduces traditional culture of Vietnam, Artificial waterfall, and enjoy live performances by a Philippine band.
Additionally, you can participate in water sports games including parachuting, sailing, water canoeing, surfing (expenses excluded).
Have lunch.
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below:
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City, including Long Son Pagoda, an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. Freely go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 3: NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET – HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
Then, go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Central of Vietnam: Nha Trang - Lao Island (Hotel 4 star).
Tour code:NDSGN511-018-260718XE-V-2.
Departure:26/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Value.
4.69/5 in 360 evaluation 381 126 0.
211 USD.
Seat Availability: 9.
BOOK NOW.
202 USD.
Seat Availability: 5.
REGISTERING AND PAYING ONLINE.
Discount 9 USD/pax.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City) to depart to Nha Trang.
Along the way you will visit Ca Na beach - one of the most beautiful beaches in the Central region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset from Nha Trang bay.
To Nha Trang you check in hotel and rest.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 2: NHA TRANG - HON LAO RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast and Lunch).
Collapse.
After breakfast, the coach will take you to Da Chong Port to get of the boat for a visit to Hon Lao Island, you can participate in games and activities such as: visiting flower park, aquarium, swimming in the sea, especially enjoying circus Monkey… or participate in sports and entertainment services: Canoeing, parachuting, water motoring, etc.
(expenses excluded).
In the afternoon you can choose between the two programs below:
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 3: NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 3 (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You also continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
After dinner, you are free to explore the busy life of the sea city at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 4: NHA TRANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
After breakfast buffet, you make the procedures of check out.
Depart to Ho Chi Minh City.
Along the way you will stop to buy Phan Rang specialties such as: grape, garlic, etc.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh City in the afternoon, you are taken to the original point.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
Phu Quoc - Hotel 3 Star - Sao Beach - Truc Lam Ho Quoc Pagoda.
Tour code:NDSGN804-758-160718VJ-D.
Departure:16/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Deluxe.
4.63/5 in 367 evaluation.
220 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
DAY 1HCMC - PHU QUOC (Dinner) If the flight hours before 11AM, Vietravel will support lunch meal.
Collapse.
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat airport, column no.04, domestic flight terminal.
A tour guide will instruct you to make procedure for taking a flight to Phu Quoc.
The coach shall pick up you at the airport, take you to visit Su Muon Pagoda - For praying peace and happiness for your family.
Then depart to go through a tropical forest to explore Suoi Tranh - Originated from green Ham Ninh mountain range, from ravines, many small streams creeping through the woods, rocks to mix into the mainstream creating a peaceful Suoi Tranh stream.
Continue to visit Ham Ninh Fishing Village, Pepper Farm, Fish sauce Farm.
Call on for visiting Dinh Cau - a cultural and belief symbol of Phu Quoc Island, where local people entrust their belief for offshore fishing trips with ships full of fish when returning.
After that, check in hotel, free at leisure or bathe in the sea.
In the evening, you are free to stroll coastal streets or serve seafood in night Phu Quoc Market 
(expense excluded).
Overnight in Phu Quoc.
DAY 2: BAI SAO - HO QUOC PAGODA - VINPEARL LAND (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
The coach shall take you to visit Nam Dao, visit Ho Quoc Pagoda a beautiful and the largest pagoda in the pearl island with many works such as: Central Chamber, steeple, drum tower, Worship Hall of Late Patriarchs made from ironwood materials imported from South Africa and original stone of 700 - 1,000 years old, etc.
With a wild, tranquil landscape creating a special natural space filled with solemnity and tranquility.
Continue to go to Bai Sao - A peaceful beach, a long quite and wild sand bank in a green island.
Inhere, you will really feel the peacefulness, relax and the life seems slow down when mixing with nature.
Enjoy lunch, then back to the hotel and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, you are free to discover Vinpearl Land Amusement Park (expenses excluded), a large area full of games for all of ages and hobbies.
This place converges all indoor and outdoor games, such as: UFO, bee ferris, rotating cup, super-speed rotating disk, windmills, etc.
Besides, there is a Water Park with attractive games such as: huge boomerang, supper hollow glissette, lazy river, castle, wave generation basin, etc.
Next, you can discover Aquarium with hundreds of fish and marine creatures such as: Arapaima gigas, Lepisosteus oculatus with long and firce mouth or rare species such as Nemo, Napoleon, White Shart, King Crab, etc.
Moreover, there is a cinema 5D, water music Stage.
In addition, Tourists can visit The first wildlife sanctuary of Vietnam – Phu Quoc Vinpearl Safari (expenses excluded) with scale of 180 hectares, 130 valuable and rare species of animals and watch programs of Animal performance, Taking photo with animal, discovery and experience Open Zoo in natural forest, close and friendly to human.
DAY 3: PHU QUOC - HCMC (Breakfast) If the flight hours after 1PM, Vietravel will support lunch meal.
Collapse.
Free to relax or swim (the beach or swimming pool), take rest at hotel till check out time.
Then, the coach shall take you to the airport to take a flight back to HCMC.
Say good bye to Tourists and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Phu Quoc Vinpearl Oasis Resort 4 star.
Tour code:NDSGN808-009-170718VJ-H-O.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
4.65/5 in 364 evaluation 319 126 0.
321 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
DAY 1: HCMC- PHU QUOC (Lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat airport, Vietravel desk, column no.5, domestic flight terminal.
A tour guide will instruct you to make procedure for taking a flight to Phu Quoc.
DAY 2: 5* RESORT PARADISE- PHU QUOC VINPEARL LAND (Breakfast, lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
Free to bathe in the sea at Bai Dai - One of the 17 most beautiful, wild beaches in the world or relax in the modernest swimming pool in Phu Quoc with an original design.
Then free to discover Vinpearl Land Amusement Park, a large area full of games for all of ages and hobbies.
This place converges all indoor and outdoor games, such as: flying saucer, bee ferris, rotating cup, super-speed rotating disk, windmills, etc.
Besides, there is a Water Park with attractive games such as: huge boomerang, supper hollow glissette, lazy river, castle, wave generation basin, etc.
Continue to discover Aquarium with hundreds of fish and marine creatures such as Penguins, big fresh water fishes from Amazon River basin (South America) such as: Arapaima gigas, Lepisosteus oculatus with long and fierce mouth or rare species such as Nemo, Napoleon, White Shart, King Crab, etc.
Moreover, there is a 5D film cinema, water music Stage.
For tourists having passion in Golf, Vinpearl is an ideal place to satisfy you, with 27 hole golf ground originally designed under the world's famous sea - island golf grounds.
In addition, you can visit to discover The first wildlife sanctuary of Vietnam - Phu Quoc Vinpearl Safari (Expenses excluded) with scale of 180 hectares, 150 valuable and rare species of animals and programs of Animal performance, Taking photo with animal, discovery and enjoy Zoo in natural fores, close and friendly to human.
In the evening, you are free at leisure in Phu Quoc Vinpearl Resort.
DAY 3: PHU QUOC - HCMC (Breakfast).
Collapse.
Then, the coach shall take you to the airport to take a flight back to HCMC.
Say good bye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
TOUR DETAILS.
FLIGHT INFORMATION.
Date of departure: 17/07/2018 10:10.
arrival: 17/07/2018 11:10.
Flight: VJ323.
Date of arrival: 19/07/2018 16:50.
arrival: 19/07/2018 17:50.
Flight: VJ326.
HOTEL INFORMATION.
Updating.
GUIDE INFORMATION.
190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, HCM City, Viet Nam.
GUIDE INFORMATION.
Updating.
INFORMATION OF GATHERING.
Date and time of gathering.
Place of gathering.
Airport.
PRICE AND SURCHARGE FOR SINGLE ROOMS.
Adult (From 12 years old and older).
321 USD.
242 USD.
Children (From 5 years old to under 12 years old).
241 USD.
242 USD.
Kid (From 2 years and under 5 years old).
241 USD.
0 USD.
Baby (Under 2 years old).
0 USD.
Surcharge for single rooms.
176 USD.
176 USD.
NOTE.
Liên hệ Tổng đài tư vấn: 1900 1839 từ 08:00 - 23:00.
NOTE.
Phu Quoc vinpearl Resort 5 star.
TOUR DETAILS.
FLIGHT INFORMATION.
Date of departure: 18/07/2018 10:10.
arrival: 18/07/2018 11:10.
Flight: VJ323.
Date of arrival: 20/07/2018 16:50.
arrival: 20/07/2018 17:50.
Flight: VJ326.
HOTEL INFORMATION.
Vinpearl Phu Quoc-Deluxe Garden View.
http://vinpearl.com/.
GUIDE INFORMATION.
CHỜ BÁO SAU.
190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, HCM City, Viet Nam.
GUIDE INFORMATION.
Updating.
INFORMATION OF GATHERING.
Date and time of gathering.
18/07/2018 08:30.
Place of gathering.
Airport.
PRICE AND SURCHARGE FOR SINGLE ROOMS.
Adult (From 12 years old and older).
352 USD.
273 USD.
Children (From 5 years old to under 12 years old).
264 USD.
273 USD.
Kid (From 2 years and under 5 years old).
264 USD.
0 USD.
Baby (Under 2 years old).
0 USD.
Surcharge for single rooms.
242 USD.
242 USD.
NOTE.
Liên hệ Tổng đài tư vấn: 1900 1839 từ 08:00 - 23:00.
NOTE.
Compiling dossier on Cham ethnic pottery to submit to UNESCO.
Update:
Views:
The Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism has ratified Ninh Thuan provincial People’s Committee’s proposal on compiling a dossier on Cham ethnic pottery to secure UNESCO’s recognition as an intangible cultural heritage in need of urgent safeguarding.
The Ministry noted that during the planning and documenting process, Ninh Thuan provincial Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Viet Nam National Institute of Culture and Arts Studies - Ho Chi Minh city branch have to conduct surveys, study and invite localities with Cham ethnic traditional pottery to participate.
One of the outstanding characteristics of the Cham ethnic traditional pottery making is the technique of making pottery without turntables, and open firing with straw and fire-wood. They are unique products bearing many cultural history marks of the ethnic minority group. Cham ethnic people use their skilled hands to create a variety of products in different designs, serving the needs of daily activities, beliefs and religions, while expressing the creativity and cultural identity of the Cham ethnic group. They include water containers, rice containers, reliefs, decorative lamps, statues of Apsara and Shiva.
Pottery traditional crafts of Cham ethnic group in Binh Thuan and the arts of pottery making of Cham ethnic group in Bau Truc village, Phuoc Dan town, Ninh Phuoc District, Ninh Thuan Province were recognized as national intangible cultural heritages.
Quang Binh pilots tours of new caves.
Update
Views:
Authorities of the central province of Quang Binh have decided to pilot tours of some new caves at the World Natural Heritage site Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park, dubbed the “Kingdom of Caves”.
Specifically, the management board of the park will partner with Jungle Boss Ltd., to pilot a two-day and one-night tour of the Dai A, Over, and Pygmy caves at the cost of 600,000 VND (26.6USD) per person.
Earlier, on July 4, Oxalic Ltd. was allowed to pilot a two-day and one-night tour of the Va and Nuoc Nut caves, worth 8 million VND per person, and a one-day tour of Nuoc Nut cave at the cost of 1.65 million VND per person.
The Va and Nuoc Nut caves are incomparable due to their unique, grandiose, and magnificent beauty.
Since early this year, tourist arrivals in Quang Binh have reached nearly 1.9 million, up about 17 percent year-on-year, bringing an estimated revenue of 2 trillion VND (88.8 million USD), marking a year-on-year increase of 15 percent.
The Viet Nam Festival 2018 kicked off at Yoyogi park in the Japanese capital of Tokyo on May 19 on the occasion of the 128th birth anniversary of President Ho Chi Minh. Speaking at the opening ceremony, Vietnamese Ambassador to Japan Nguyen Quoc Cuong said that the event is part of important activities to take place in Japan in 2018 in celebration of the 45th anniversary of bilateral diplomatic ties.
Besides Tokyo, the Viet Nam Festival will be organised in other localities across Japan, including Fukuoka, Aichi, Osaka, Kanagawa, and Saitama, within this year.
Former Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda expressed his delight at the development of the two countries’ relations, while hoping that the friendship will be strengthened to meet aspirations.
There are around 240,000 Vietnamese people living in Japan, a tenfold increase compared with the figure five years ago.
The Viet Nam festival was first held in Japan in September 2008, becoming the biggest-ever festival of Viet Nam held in the country, attracting 150,000 visitors in just three days.
Since then, the festival has been organised annually and become the largest cultural exchange event between the two countries.
This year’s event has 120 pavilions, including 60 cuisine ones, and 50 others introducing the image of Vietnamese land and people and Vietnamese goods, along with art performances.
The two-day festival is expected to attract over 150,000 visitors.
Hectic Tuy Hoa fishing port at dawn
Visitors traveling to Tuy Hoa fishing port located in the coastal city of Tuy Hoa in Phu Yen Province at around 5 a.m. will have a chance to see how local fishermen begin the day early in the morning.
The fishing port is among the hectic trading places in the coastal city.
To local fishermen and traders, this is the most significant time when fishing boats laden with seafood return to the port after fishing trips.
A lot of baskets full of freshly-caught seafood are transported ashore one after another by suntanned men whose weather-battered faces always show happiness for their work.
Meanwhile, traders swiftly pick some baskets containing the freshest seafood and then deliver to many other places.
The fishing port is also very famous for the best tuna with certain ones weighing up to hundreds of kilograms.
Heading for the trading area situated right in the port, visitors will get amazed by the bustle and hustle of buyers and sellers.
A wide variety of fresh seafood such as fish, crab, prawn and squid are offered for sale.
Some people say seafood bought at the port is not actually cheaper than in other markets but they can choose the freshest items.
In addition to local people, a lot of tourists paying a visit to Phu Yen Province prefer going shopping at Tuy Hoa fishing port early in the morning.
They can also admire the beautiful sunrise over the horizon and fishing boats busily checking in and out at the same time.
Despite hard work under the sun, Phu Yen fishermen always give a broad grin on their faces.
To them, every fishing trip full of fish is a great happiness in the daily lives.
New life for Mekong floating market
The Mekong Delta province of Hau Giang is developing eco-tourism products based on its rivers, fruit orchards, and rural sights and life, according to its Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
They include Nga Bay floating market in Nga Bay town, an ecological tourism zone in Vi Thuy District and agriculture tourism in Vi Thanh city.
Do Chieu Qui, the department’s director, said the province was undertaking a 35 billion VND (1.5 million USD) project to revive Nga Bay floating market for tourism purposes.
The market would be turned into one of the province’s key river tourism products, he said.
Since the floating market was established in 1915 it was located at the meeting point of seven canals and rivers in Nga Bay town and become one of the delta’s busiest markets.
But a decade ago local authorities moved it to a new site three kilometres away to improve traffic safety at the confluence, and the market’s activities began to dwindle because of the inconvenient location.
The project to revive it is expected to be completed in 2019.
At the 145ha ecological tourism zone, several tasks have been completed, including the dredging of a 14km canal and creation of a 13ha fruit orchard, 5ha bird garden and 11ha area for breeding wild animals and freshwater aquatic species.
The zone is expected to be ready by the end of 2018, according to the department.
The department is also working with relevant agencies and district authorities to conserve and develop historic and cultural relics, including the Temple of Uncle Ho, Can Tho Party Committee base and Relics of Chuong Dien Victory.
The province has also set up community tourism sites at the Cau Duc pineapple farming area in Vi Thanh and Long Tri sweet mandarin area in Long My District and developed agricultural tourism in Vi Thanh.
Hau Giang has zoned off a 130ha eco-tourism area at the Mua Xuan Agricultural Centre in Phung Hiep District.
It also plans to develop eco-tourism at the 2,800ha Lung Ngoc Hoang Nature Wetland Reserve in Phung Hiep.
Hau Giang, located in the delta’s central part, hopes to attract 160,000 tourists a year, including 18,000 foreigners, by 2020, according to its tourism development plan.
Speaking at a meeting on August 12, the province’s Party Committee Secretary, Tran Cong Chanh, told local authorities to continue surveying sites so that appropriate tourism development plans can be made and human resources developed.
The investment to develop eco-tourism sites should be linked with the national programme to build new rural areas, he said.
The Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism should monitor and provide advice during the process of creating eco-tourism products at the Mua Xuan Agricultural Centre, he said.
After two years of implementing the province Party Committee’s Resolution No. 9 on developing tourism, Hau Giang has also organised many tourism training courses for households in eco-tourism areas.
On August 3, for instance, 40 farmers in Vi Thuy District were provided training in tourism.
The trainees also visited a community tourism model in the district.
Le Quoc Chien, who has participated in a tourism training course, offers tourism services in his 1ha fruit orchard in Vi Thanh.
He grows many kinds of fruits like durian, mangosteen, jack fruit, red flesh dragon fruit, mango and guava and also has ponds for tourists to fish.
Le Minh Tam of Nga Bay town’s Nga Bay Ward developed his 5ha Burmese grape orchard into a tourism site in 2014.
It receives about 100 tourists a day, and 300-400 during the peak Burmese grape harvest season.
Tam has tied up with travel companies in HCM City and Vinh Long and Kien Giang provinces to bring tourists to his orchard, which has fruits between April and September.
“I plan to replace old Burmese grape plants with other trees like king orange and rambutan to ensure my orchard has fruits year round.”
Grilled sharpbelly - A specialty of Phu Yen Province
As simple as the dish is but grilled sharpbelly is a very famous dish in the land of Phu Yen where visitors can hardly ignore.
Like other freshwater fishes such as sand goby and white fish, sharpbelly is long and thin, up to an adult finger, usually live in herds in the rivers and streams.
Fresh sharpbelly is washed and grilled or fried then is cooked over charcoal fire.
When grilling, you need to always turnover each side so that its scab is cooked without being charred.
It is served with vegetables of all kinds, fresh rice noodles, rice paper with spicy sauce.
There are many ways to eat grilled sharpbelly, it can be served with fish sauce and rice.
But the most delicious way is to roll with ricepaper and other vegetables, such as lettuce, cucumber; fragrant basil; slip basil; and fresh beansprout along with spicy chilli fish sauce. /
Diep Son islands - the most attractive beach in 2016 summer
Diep Son islands, located in the Van Phong Bay in the south central province of Khanh Hoa is well-known for its white-sand beach, crystal-clear water and the winding path connecting two islets.
Diep Son islands consist of three small islets.
Ca Mau Vietravel’s Branch
90 Tran Hung Dao, Ward 5, Ca Mau City
Tel: (07803) 660.438 - 660.439 - 552.239 – 552.259;
Fax: (07803) 552.298
Email: vtvcamau@vietravel.com.vn
(Source: Communication Department, Vietravel)
VIETRAVEL TO PROMOTE TOURISM IN CENTRAL HIGHLAND PROVINCES
In coordination with Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Lam Dong, Daklak provinces and Vietnam Airlines, Viettravel Tourism Company organized an investigation program for reporter groups to explore spectacular and eye-catching features in the itinerary of Ban Me Thuot – Da Lat from the second to sixth of November, 2013.
This is regarded as one of significant events contributing to the introduction of Da Lat Plateau and Central Highland Tourism, ready for the preparation of National Tourism Year in Central Highland 2014 and welcoming the cerebration event of 120 years of Da Lat city establishment and development.
Accordingly, the working groups shall be first scheduled to visit and investigate in Ban Me Thuot in two days of the second and third of November, 2013; then trip to Ko Tam Cultural EcoTourism Zone to have enjoyment and discovery of plant, production, and processing procedure of reputable coffee specialities.
In particular, what worth mentioning is the exploration itinerary of ethnic minorities that navigate to Cong Chieng Festival, Can wine (wine drunk out of a jar through pipes), baked meat, visit to Daklak Museum of Ethnology where displays and introduces Central Highland cultural space and other 44 brotherhood ethnics residing in Daklak province territory.
The groups will also pay a visit to Dray Nur Fall that is well-known for the most imposing and spectacular in Central Highland, then learned about indigeneous cultural values, riding elephans across Daklak Lake, boating pirague and discovering lifestyle in Le village (Buon Le) and Jun village (Buon Jun) of M’ Nong people, et cetera.
The visiting groups learned about procedure of processing Ban Me Thuot famous coffee
Experiencing daily ordinary life of native people in the long house
In the evening of December 2nd 2013, the working group of Vietravel and reporters had a meeting and promoted tourism to local leaders.
On the side of local authority, the press conference included the participation of Mrs.Mai Hoan – Vice Chairman of Daklak Provincial People’s Committee, Mr.Huynh Ngoc Duong – Deputy Diretor of Daklak Trade, Investment and Tourism Promotion Centre, Mr.Dinh Mot – Division Head of Operation under Daklak Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Mr.Le Hoang Co – Vice Chairman of Daklak Tourism Association.
The groups had made discussion and exchanged ideas so as to orient and seek for better tourism solutions of Ban Me Thuat city in particular and Central Highland provinces in general which possess a lot of potentials and promisingly brings about exciting experiences for domestic and foreign visitors.
Mrs.Mai Hoan – Vice Chairman of Daklak Provincial People’s Committee spoke at the opening of press conference
Mr. Huynh Ngoc Duong – Deputy Director of Trade, Investment and Tourism Promotion Center stated about the orientation of local tourism development
From 4th to 6th of December, 2013, the working groups came to Da Lat Plateau, the city with plentiful names such as the Flower City, Foggy City, Love City, etc that keeps potential romatic beauty, impresses with historical features on every street, every foot-stop to be adopted into poems, music and esteem of numerous visitors.
It is the year of 2013 that celebrates the event of Da Lat city being 120 years old since Doctor Yersin found and constructed.
Da Lat in the past and now harmonize with each other by historic marks of times..
Here it is Da Lat Railway Station, Domain De Marie Church and hidden villas in immense pine forests, et cetera. It embodies the beauty of city in the forest and forest in the city, which draw special attention of visitors to find out its mystery and attractiveness then satisfy their curiousity as well as thinking of the unique romantic beauty here
Moroever, the working groups also arranged a press conference with local authority and other local service providers (Love Valley, Bluer Moon Hotel, Da Lat Flower Forest Bio-technology Joint Stock Company, Hoang Anh Green Land Resort) with the view to discussing about expanding tourism development in Lam Dong province and spreading to the public.
Particularly, during the itinerary, each member participated in an environmental event named “Keep the Central Highland Forever Green” by planting a tree as a mesage to protect green and clean environment for a greener and nicer Da Lat in the eyes of visitors, especially on the context the Flower Festival has just coming very soon.
Next, the groups visited such peaceful and wild destinations as Love Valley, Golden Valley, Ve Chai Temple, Cu Lan Village, etc.
With such goals and detailed itinerary, the tourism promotion program in Lam Dong and Daklak province would be a starting point for the National Tourism Year 2014 in Central Highland full of promising success.
VIETRAVEL – SILVER SPONSOR FOR FESTIVAL HUE 2014
In the morning of November 3rd 2013, the office of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee witnessed the official signature ceremony sponsored for Festival Huế 2014 by and between Viettravel Tourism Company and Festival Huế 2014 Center, which was hosted by Mr Ngo Hoa – Standing Vice Chairman of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee.
In addition to the role of Silver Sponsor for this festival, Vietravel Toursim Company also acts as a co-organizer and the main sponsor for the traditional boat race in Festival Huế 2014 this time.
The signature ceremony warmly welcomed the active participation of Mr.Ngo Hoa – Vice Chairman of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee, Mr, Cai Vinh Tuan – Director of Thua Thien Hue Department of Home Affairs, Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel together with leaders of departments, agencies and sectors of the province, et cetera.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Mr Ngo Hoa gave an overview assessment on the organization work for Festival Huế 2014 from which showed a matter of fact that Festival Huế has become a grand &amp; meaningful cultural event towards the introduction of Vietnam tourism image in general and Thue Thien Hue province in particular through heritage values, ecology and bringing the role of cultural, economic and tourism center of the whole nation and North Central region to the fullest play.
By 2014, Festival Huế has experienced 8 times of organization with extensive scale characterized not only by the number of registration of international performing art trouples but also proactive involvement of enterprises in forging together towards reservation and honor to national cultural heritages and values.
Besides the role of Silver Sponsor for Festival Huế 2014, Vietravel that also plays part of a co-organizing unit and main sponsorship for the traditional boat race in Huong river has now been enthusiatically initiated numerous propagation actitivities along with the Organizing Board for the preparation of Festival event under various promotion approaches.
Mr. Ngo Hoa – Vice Chairman of Thue Thien Hue People’s Committee – Head of Festival Huế 2014 Organizing Board
At the signature cermony, Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel Tourism Company asserted once again that Vietravel’s tourism mission and development goals would be towards responsibilities for society and community and hand-in-hand with considerable events and activities in conservation, reservation and development of national cultural values, therefore the one-billion silver sponsorship package in this Festival would not out of objectives that contribute to great success of Festival Huế 2014 and builde image of both Thua Thien Hue Tourism and Vietnam Tourism much more beautiful and attractive in the eyes of visitors and global friends.
Mr. Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel Tourism Company spoke at the signature ceremony for sponsorship. He underscored that the meaning of contribution to the conservation and honor of national cultural values in Festival Huế should be duties of each individual and enterprise.
Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh – Deputy Managing Director of Festival Huế 2014 Center and Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy General Director of Vietravel formed etiquete for sponsorship contract signature under the witness of many provincial leaders and reporters
Vietravel – A pioneer story
Vietravel has come a long way since its establishment in 1995 with extraordinary efforts to become the flagship in tourism in Vietnam.
For the past 18 years, sustaining commitment to provide good quality services in satisfaction to every client’s demands together with constant pioneering in innovation to serve clients has helped Vietravel obtain many domestically and internationally prestigious awards from travel organizations and press agencies.
Vietravel has also become a member of major travel organizations in the world such as: USTOA, ASTA, PATA, ATTA, JATA, and IAGTO.
The most important milestones are known that Vietravel, in October 2013, was the only travel company of Vietnam voted for two titles namely “Vietnam’s Leading Tour Operator” and “Vietnam’s Leading Travel Agency” by the World Travel Awards (WTA) 2013 – likened to “The Oscars of the travel industry”.
In addition, this is the third consecutive year (2011, 2012, 2013) Vietravel has been awarded by TTG Asia – the leading travel magazine in Asia-Pacific Region at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013.
Such important events once again have affirmed the position and trademark of Vietravel in the international playground and have been also motive force for Vietravel to better advance on the way of development – the way of the pioneer.
With over 40 transaction offices and branches nationwide, 3 representative offices overseas in Cambodia, Thailand and the United States, Vietravel has constantly developed and extended its business network with great demand on high quality human resource.
Accordingly, Vietravel has opened ideal career opportunities for young people to start their promising future.
At Vietravel, enthusiastic, conscientious, dynamic and well-qualified staff would create the best working environment and impart good experiences for young people in their career process.
Recently, RMIT University has been a companion and a good recruiting environment for Vietravel to recruit and supplement highly qualified human resource to its group of staff.
With RMIT career guidance event this time, Vietravel is honored to participate in the event in capacity of a sponsor.
This is also an opportunity for Vietravel to closely access to students as well as seek for and further select brilliant applicants for many working positions at Vietravel.
Tourism is a dynamic and attractive work suitable for those with wholehearted interest, who are willing to devote themselves to such interest.
Vietravel is a widely open door to welcome new members who have aspiration and devotion.
VIETRAVEL NHA TRANG – ACTIVE IN ACTIONS ACCOMMPANING WITH VIETNAMESE TALENTS
On 12/11/2013, Vietravel Nha Trang organized the charity program to support the poor children of Van Thanh 2 Primary School to continue their studies (Khai Luong hamlet, Van Thanh commune, Van Ninh district).
This is a meaningful event within the Community-Based Tourism Year Project implementation activities of Vietravel in 2013 in Nha Trang.
Within the program, Vietravel Nha Trang visited and offered gifts to students with difficult situations in Van Ninh island district including 1000 notebooks, 1000 pens which were divided into 200 gifts to students in 3 areas in the island, 50 school bags to poor students with difficult situations.
It is known that, besides the contribution from staffs of the company, Vietravel Nha Trang called for the contribution from regular partners in Nha Trang to sponsor for this program including Hieu Nghia One Member Company Limited, Gia Restaurant, Den Long Do Restaurant etc.
Representative of Vietravel Nha Trang is offering gifts to students
Vietravel shall continue to accompany with School Support Programs
Vietravel Nha Trang hopes that these gifts may help the pupils here to go to school with more sufficient school things and share partially difficulties with poor pupils in remote island area.
As said by Mr.Doan Hai Quan – Branch Director of Vietravel Nha Trang “Vietravel always highly appreciate the responsibilities of the company with the environment and community, therefore, the company has organized more meaningful programs for the society.
Together with other Vietravel branches nationwide, Vietravel Nha Trang is also actively implementing and accompanying with charity programs in the province and calling for sharing and contributions from the benefactors, fellow customers to expand the programs and support more people”
It is informed that Vietravel Nha Trang has just introduced the tourists special tours on the occasion of Vietnamese Teachers’ Day 20/11 and Christmas and New Year 2014 as follows:
Bangkok – Pattaya SUPER SAVINGS (05 days)
Departure: 20/11
Packaged Price: VND9,290,000
Singapore - Malaysia – ECO!!! (6 days)
Departure: 27/11
Packaged Price: VND 14,790,000
Seoul - Jeju - Nami - Everland - Seoul (07 days) – One night to discover Da Nang city ECO!!!
Departure: 05/12
Packaged Price: VND 19,190,000
Bangkok - Pattaya – Discover Madame Tussuads Wax Museum (05 days) – Welcome Christmas in Bangkok
Departure: 21/12
Packaged Price: VND 10,890,000
Singapore - Malaysia –5* Hotel in Kuala Lumpur (6 days) – Welcome New Year 2014
Departure: 28/12
Packaged Price: VND 16,790,000
Da Lat Flower Festival (3 days)
Departure: only on 27/12
Packaged Price: VND 1,990,000
Contact information:
Vietravel Nha Trang
100 Quang Trung, Loc Tho ward, Nha Trang
Tel: (058) 3526 577
Email: vtv.nhatrang@vietravel.com.vn;
Transaction Office No.1
23D Biet Thu, Loc Tho ward, Nha Trang
Tel: (058) 3526 393
Email: vtv.nhatrang.vp1@vietravel.com.vn;
Hotline: 0988 608 286
(Source: Department of Communications, Vietravel Nha Trang)
VIETRAVEL HANOI ORGANIZES THE CHARITY TOUR “WARM JACKETS FOR CHILDREN” 2013
On 31/10/2013, Vietravel in cooperation with Tien Phong Newspaper, Singer Tung Duong and tourists of great generosity started the charity tour in Sing Lung commune, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province.
This is the tour in the charity tours to East-West North Region implemented by Vietravel Hanoi this winter.
Sinh Lung commune, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province is the place with many H’mong people and some Lao Co people who are living in very difficult situations.
Due to the area is large with mainly mountainous area, the traffic road is very difficult and schools are all very far and the farthest school is 15km away from the town center.
“When witnessing children who are living in very difficult situations with only some old clothes in the cold winter etc. we are decided to do some practical and meaningful things for children here”, shared the representative of Vietravel.
Charity Team on the way to Sinh Lung commune
West North Landscape is charming and beautiful to keep the tourists
Tam Giac Mach Flowers is blooming
In 4 days (31/10 - 3/11/2013), Vietravel together with Singer Tung Duong, Tien Phong Newspaper came to Sing Lung Commune Secondary School, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province to directly participate in meaningful activities and offer many practical gifts to teachers and children here including: 04 bunk beds, 3 scholarships, 350 warm clothes, socks, 50 cotton blankets and hundreds of schoolbook sets and reference books and many other school things etc.; organize arts exchange performance with childresn with the participation of Singer Tung Duong.
The team brings the warm of “Chiec Khan Phieu” to schools with hamlet people; asking and encouraging, and offering gifts to soldiers of Lung Cu Border Post etc. To implement this tour, besides launching the movement from its staffs, Vietravel Hanoi also received the supports and charity contributions from regular tourists of the company such as Education Publishing House, Ba Sao Foods and Drinks Services Company, Vietnam Future Company etc.
Vietravel offers the scholarships to children with good study results and good behaviors
The team is visiting and preparing many candies and cakes for children
Singer Tung Duong and other volunteers of the programs are offering gifts to children
Vietravel hopes that these practical charity activities shall not only help small children in central highlands – the future of the country to continue their study with sufficient facilities but also help their relatives and teachers reduce partially their difficulties in educating these children.
As shared by the representative of Vietravel Hanoi with the charity team: “We will not only offer the warm clothes of love to teachers and children here, but we also give our sympathy, sharing and love.
This is a deep memory in their childhood about the great action and about our moral code of “love others as love ourselves” which will be a luggage in the way to the future and encourage them to try the bests in their studies and train to become good people with good ethnics and talents to contribute to construct our country”.
Arts exchange with Singer Tung Duong and other team members
This will be a beautiful memory
Vietravel shall implement many other more practical programs
On the next 28/11 and 6/12/2013, Vietravel Hanoi will implement two charity tours to Cao Bang and Moc Chau.
The tourists can register today to accompany and share with the people in Central Highlands or contribute for scholarships, warm clothes, books for children here.
All contributions, please contact
1. Mr Huy Hoang – Sale FIT of Domestic Tours of Vietravel in Hanoi, 03 Hai Ba Trung, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi
Tel: 0947.339.797,or 043.933.1978 – Extension number: 150.
2. Ms Lan Huong – Sale FIT of Domestic Tours of Vietravel Vietravel in Hanoi, 03 Hai Ba Trung, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi
Tel : 01656.052.616, or 043.933.1978 – Extension number: 666.
3. Ms.Ha Anh – Marketing and Communication Department of Vietravel, Hanoi branch
Tel: 04 3933 1978 – Extension number: 335.
VIETRAVEL PRESENTS 26 SCHOLARSHIPS “VIETRAVEL IN COMPANIONSHIP WITH VIETNAMESE TALENTS”
A scholarship presentation ceremony was held by Vietravel at its head office at 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City on October 31st 2013 to present scholarships to 26 excellent students in difficult circumstances in the academic year 2013 – 2014.
All of them got high marks from the university entrance examination at 25 marks up and students who received “Vietravel in companionship with Vietnamese talents” scholarships 2012 and got annual grade point average (AGPA) at 8.0 (according to Vietnamese grading scale) from universities nationwide were also presented with scholarships on this occasion.
Each scholarship worth VND 10,000 was extracted from Vietravel scholarship fund contributed by Vietravel’s leaders and staffs.
The scholarship program for students in difficult circumstances was started from 2012.
Up to now, the total number of applications sent to Vietravel has increased 51% in comparison with that in 2012 with 89 applications from 25 universities nationwide.
With a view to supporting pupils and students in difficult circumstances to get further will to strive and better themselves in study in order to make better contribution to themselves, their families and society, Vietravel and all of its leaders and staffs actively and voluntarily contributed to the “Vietravel in companionship with Vietnamese talents” scholarship fund.
After one year of launching, up to now, it has been widely spread from 9 universities initially planed to 25 universities nationwide.
In addition, Vietravel in coordination with Tuoitre Newspaper sponsored for the “Giving added strength to school” program, thereby Vietravel presented 10 bicycles and 1000 notebooks to pupils in difficult circumstances in Long Xuyen and sponsored for many other events in provinces and cities nationwide.
VINADIVING PROVES LEADING QUALITY OF DIVER TRAINING
A closing ceremony on rescue diving training course 2013 for officers and soldiers of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department was held at Vietnam Dive Center (VINADIVING) on October 25th 2013.
Officers and soldiers had to undergo a strict and methodical training process and granted with professional rescue diving certificates from Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI).
This training course was attended by 35 officers and soliders in charge of rescue work of Ho Chi Minh City’s Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department.
This is also a key force to follow up, provide training on marine rescue to relevant units afterwards.
Trainees were trained with knowledge from basic, advanced levels to rescue practice for 10 days in Nha Trang and 20 days in Ho Chi Minh City.
That Ho Chi Minh City’s Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department selected VINADIVING as a training provider to its officers and soldiers showed prestige and training quality of VINADIVING – which is not only a provider of diversified, safe diving services at high quality to clients but also the best diver trainer in Vietnam at present.
Vinadiving under Vietravel was established in 1997 to provide recreational diving services as well as diver training and issuing international diving certificates.
For over the period of development and appreciation, Vinadiving has become the best provider of recreational diving services and diver training at present and positively supported to Vietravel in diversifying travel categories to serve clients’ demands.
Especially, in August 2013, Vinadiving opened a new Dolphin ship for scuba divers transport qualified in conformity with standards of the Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI) and put it into use in order to create more options and diversify underwater excursions attractive to visitors.
This is good news for those interested in discovery diving in Vietnam.
Below are some images recorded at the closing ceremony:
National flag salutation formality
Spectacle of the ceremony
Major General Tran Trieu Duong – Director of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department spoke at the closing ceremony
Comrade Truong Van Lam – Director of Ho Chi Minh City Department of Home Affairs spoke at the closing ceremony
Ms. Dao Thi Thanh Tham – Director of VINADIVE spoke at the closing ceremony
Representative of officers and soldiers who attended the training course spoke at the closing ceremony
Leaders of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department and Vinadive presented gifts to excellent trainees
Mr. Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy General Director of Vietravel awarded Certificates to succesful trainees
Ms. Dao Thi Thanh Tham – Director of Vinadive awarded Certificates to successful trainees
Contact information:Vietnam Dive Center - VINADIVINGAddress: 23D Biet Thu street, Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa ProvinceTel: 0583 526 575
VIETRAVEL PHAN THIET DEVELOPS AND PIONEERS IN TOURISM
The 18th Anniversary of Binh Thuan Tourism Day was held by Binh Thuan Tourism on October 24th 2013.
A ceremony for honoring travel enterprises which made positive contributions to the development of Binh Thuan tourism was also held on this occasion.
Vietravel Phan Thiet honorably won “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award.
Vietravel with its sound capacity and business strategies has constantly developed and affirmed its position as the leading tour operator in Vietnam.
Furthermore, Vietravel has been a pioneer in Vietnam tourism as it has won a lot of international travel awards presented by prestigious international travel organizations.
In October 2013, Vietravel was the only travel company of Vietnam voted under the World Travel Awards (WTA) with two awards.
Vietravel was also voted and awarded by TTG Asia – the leading travel magazine in Asia-Pacific Region at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013.
This was the third time Vietravel was voted for this award. With constant development, Vietravel currently has 44 offices and branches nationwide and representative offices in foreign countries such as: Cambodia, Thailand, the United States.
Such system of offices and branches has helped Vietravel consolidate its chain of transactions to quickly satisfy clients’ demands any time, anywhere, in which it must be taken into account Vietravel Phan Thiet.
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director on behalf of Vietravel received the “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award
Vietravel is confident to affirm its position as the leading tour operator in Vietnam and reach out to the world
Although Vietravel Phan Thiet has just been put into operation since 2012, it has quickly developed and proved its strength and outstanding capacity.
Vietravel Phan Thiet has made positive contribution not only to the development of Binh Thuan tourism but also to social activities in Binh Thuan province, to realize the business philosophy of economic development in close connection to social responsibilities of Vietravel.
In 2013, Vietravel Phan Thiet was honorably awarded by Binh Thuan Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism with the “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award on the occasion of the 18th Anniversary of Binh Thuan Tourism Day.
This award was encouragement and motive force for Vietravel Phan Thiet to constantly contribute to the general development of tourism as well as to the economic development of Binh Thuan province.
VIETRAVEL CA MAU PARTICIPATES IN MANY LOCAL EXCHANGE ACTIVITIES
A mini football tournament was held at the Center for Physical Culture and Sports of Cai Nuoc district, Ca Mau province from 19th to 20th October 2013 in celebration of the Vietnam Youth Union Congress at different levels leading to the fifth Ca Mau Youth Union Congress.
Vietravel Ca Mau sponsored and acted in companionship with the tournament.
This mini football tournament was held in celebration of the 57th Anniversary of Vietnam Youth Union and Ca Mau Youth Union Congress with the participation of 14 football teams coming from: Ca Mau Young Entrepreneurs’ Association, Youth Union of the Enterprise Block, Youth Union of the People-Government-Party block, Committee of associations of districts in Ca Mau province.
This tournament was a noteworthy sport event to create animated emulation and promote the spirit of physical culture and sports of leaders and staffs, further enhance relations among entities.
This tournament was successful and Vietravel made positive contribution to this event in capacity of a sponsor.
Vietravel Ca Mau is a new branch of Vietravel which has just been put into operation since 2013.
This is the fourth branch opened by Vietravel in the Mekong Delta after Can Tho, Phu Quoc, and Long Xuyen.
Up to now, Vietravel has had 44 offices and branches nationwide ranging from Lao Cai to Phu Quoc, and Ca Mau.
Vietravel Ca Mau quickly satisfies local demands on inbound and outbound travel as well as launches and acts in companionship with Ca Mau province in social activities with a view to realizing the business philosophy of socially and environmentally responsible travel, and localize business of Vietravel.
Below are some images recorded at the mini football tournament
14 entities joined the mini football tournament
The Organizing Board offered pennants to football teams
Football teams competed animatedly
Representative of Vietravel Ca Mau awarded prize to the winner
Vietravel is always in companionship with local activities positively
VIETRAVEL IN FRIENDLY GAMES WITH PHUOC HOA RUBBER JSC AT THE SPORTS FESTIVAL IN CELEBRATION OF THE 84TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RUBBER INDUSTRY
On October 19th 2013, sports teams of Vietravel were present in Binh Duong to exchange in friendly games with Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC.
Sports teams of Vietravel competed at their best efforts in the spirit of friendship, fair play and obtained significant results from games which they joined.
In the animated atmosphere to celebrate the 84th anniversary of the rubber industry, Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC formally organized the Sports Festival 2013 with many exciting games with a view to enhancing opportunities of exchange and the spirit of solidarity among managers, staffs; Vietravel and Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC alsoexpressed the spirit of exchange via a series of exciting games such as football, ping-pong, tennis, badminton…Matches took place in the spirit of exchange, inquiring mind, and friendship.
Both of them appointed their strongest teams to compete in matches and the result was the general success of the Sports Festival with animated, dramatic and fair play moments.
On this occasion, Vietravel took a large group of sports teams and supporters to the Sports Festival in order to support and contribute to making the Sports Festival further successful.
The Sports Festival was successful beyond expectation and created closer relations.
It can be said that this exchange is a great progress showing the understanding and willing to support each other in the coming time, in which sports exchange will be one of the best ways to enhance understanding.
Vietravel would like to congratulate on the success of the Sports Festival and wish leaders and staffs of Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC good health, good achievements and excellent fulfillment of plan 2013.
Below are some images recorded at the Sports Festival:
The opening ceremony of the Sports Festival solemnly took place at Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC
The Organizing Board offered pennants to participant teams
Vietravel’s football team and their counterpart had photograph taken before kick-off
Vietravel’s football team and their counterparts played at their best efforts and devoted spectacular goals
Vietravel’s players competed in Tennis for the leadership class
Two players of Vietravel competed in Tennis for the young class
Vietravel won high results in Tennis and Badminton
At the end of the Sports Festival, Vietravel was awared by the Organizing Board for all games it joined
The Sports Festival was successful
FREE OCULAR SURGERY PERFORMED FOR HUNDREDS OF PATIENTS IN CAN THO, LONG XUYEN
On October 17th 2013, a cataract treatment and surgery program was launched at O Mon General Hospital to perform ocular surgery for 130 poor patients coming from Can Tho and Long Xuyen.
All costs of such program was supported by Vietravel.
Cataract is a cause leading to 66% of blind cases in Vietnam.
At present, there are over 300,000 patients who need substituting their corneas and only 1,000 people donating their corneas to the Eye Bank.
Cataract surgery and treatment is still largely demanded, especially those in rural, isolated and remote areas.
In face of this situation, for over the past period of time, Vietravel has supported VND 1,5 billion to HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients with a view to bringing light to over 1,800 poor blind patients nationwide.
In 2013, Vietravel has sponsored for 200 ocular surgery cases in Khanh Hoa province in June 2013 and continued free ocular surgery for over 130 poor patients in Can tho and An Giang on this occasion.
Just awarded with “Vietnam’ Leading Travel Agency” award by the World Travel Awards, Vietravel regarded socially responsible activities as part of its business mission.
Vietravel has participated in many socially significant activities for years such as organizing full-moon festival for children of the SOS children’s village, Tam Binh Children’s village (Ho Chi Minh City); constructing charitable house in Can Gio district (Ho Chi Minh City), supporting physiotherapy equipment to lonely elderly people, disabled people and those having merit to the nation in Binh Thuan province; supporting compatriots suffering from natural disasters in the Central Region; contributing to constructing Truong Bon Memorial site (Nghe An); presenting scholarships to new students in the academic years 2012, 2013.
In activities of the travel industry, Vietravel has organized an environmental protection program titled as “Travel for a clean and green environment” encouraging people to protect the environment, use autolytic bags.
In sports, Vietravel has been the main sponsor for national tennis championships from now to the year 2015, which has made contribution to the success of Vietnamese tennis at the Davis Cup 2013 recently.
All of such activities show that Vietravel has been making its best efforts in business to make better contribution to the society.
This is also a reason that Vietravel has always attracted the largest number of clients, regardless of difficulties of the economy. With the turnover of the first 9 months of the year 2013 equal to the total turnover of VND 2,500 billion of the year 2012, it is expected that Vietravel will reach the turnover amount of VND 3,000,000 billion at the end of the year 2013 and continue setting record of the leading tour operator for the fourth consecutive time in Vietnam.
Below are some images recorded at the ocular surgery program in Can Tho, Long Xuyen:
Vietravel’s Representative spoke at the eye bandage removal ceremony
Free ocular surgery performed for 130 patients on this occasion
Vietravel’s Representative and doctors removed eye bandages from patients
VIETRAVEL WINS HCMC OUTSTANDING ENTERPRISE AWARD 2013
A ceremony for honoring outstanding enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City 2013 took place at the meeting-hall of Ho Chi Minh City Party Committee at night, October 13th 2013 on the occasion of celebration of Vietnam Entrepreneurs' Day.
This ceremony was held by HCMC Union of Business Associations (HUBA), and Vietravel was also one of 105 outstanding enterprises honoured on this occasion.
It can be said that Vietravel is one of few enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City in particular and nationwide in general in the travel industry with the most stable and high growth at present.
With the turnover of the first 9 months of the year 2013 equal to the total turnover of VND 2,500 billion of the year 2012, it is expected that Vietravel will reach the turnover amount of VND 3,000,000 billion at the end of the year 2013.
Once again, Vietravel fairthfully expresses gratitude to HCMC Union of Business Associations (HUBA), valued clients, valued partners who have always believed in and voted for Vietravel.
All leaders and staffs of Vietravel are determined to strive, work at the best effort and devotedly serve clients and prove high professionalism to requite clients’ trust.
Fairthfully thanks.
Below are some images that we recorded at the ceremony:
Panorama of the ceremony for honoring outstanding enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City 2013
A minute’s silence in memory of General Vo Nguyen Giap
Representative of HCMC People’s Committee spoke of great contributions of enterprises in HCMC to the general development of HCMC
Vietravel was one of 105 outstanding enterprises honoured on this occasion(Photo: Mr.Nguyen Minh Ngoc - Deputy General Director of Vietravel honorably received HCMC outstanding enterprise award 2013)
MR. NGUYEN QUOC KY - PORTRAIT OF AN EXEMPLARY VIETNAMESE ENTREPRENEUR
A solemn ceremony to celebrate the Vietnam Entrepreneurs' Day and honour 100 exemplary entrepreneurs voted and awarded by Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI) took place at Hanoi Friendship Cultural Palace this morning, October 11th 2013.
Mr.Nguyen Quoc Ky – General Director of Vietravel was honourably voted as one of 100 exemplary entrepreneurs in 2013.
In capacity of the leading tour operator’s CEO in Vietnam, managing over 1,000 staffs working domestically and internationally, Mr.Nguyen Quoc Ky was always familiar with and deeply aware of job of each staff so as to timely encourage, support, and create favorable conditions for them to improve their qualifications by speficic plan of action.
He determined that human resource was the most precious asset of the company so that he spent much time and expenditure for training and re-training.
Specific training courses were designed for different subjects ranging from senior managers to sales staffs, tourist guides.
The movement of self-study and strengthening capacity widely spread all over the company, that constituted relatively equal knowledge background and qualification of each level.
Together with a large and qualified group of leaders and over 1,000 staffs, he boosted up Vietravel to a new stature by realizing targets undertaken with the society and the community.
That was proved by high and stable growth of turnover for years, ranging from 30% in comparison with the same period last year.
For the first 9 months of the year 2013 alone, Vietravel obtained a turnover about VND 2,500 billion, equal to that of the whole year 2013, in addition, a series of international awards won by Vietravel recently such as: award from Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA 2013 by Ministries of Tourism of five countries in the Mekong Sub-region in September 2013.
At the beginning of October 2013, Vietravel consecutively won awards from the World Travel Awards 2013 in Dubai on October 1st 2013 and from the TTG Travel Awards 2013 in Thailand hosted by TTGAsia – a leading travel magazine in the Asia-Pacific Region on October 3rd 2013.
With strategic vision in the orientation of development to the year 2020, Vietravel is striving to be listed in the Top 10 leading tour operators in Asia with its consistent vision and mission in the entire company, especially the determination of restructuring the entire business system towards intensive business with a view to strengthening business capacity, and also developing strongly and quickly in terms of scale of domestic and foreign transaction system in order to quickly satisfy any client’s demands any time, anywhere and by all means.
Up to now, Vietravel has attracted over 1,000 well qualified staffs and has been willing for a new playground and confident to catch up with the world in the spirit of pioneering, welcoming Vietravel’s 18th Anniversary, and constantly affirming its position as a Vietnamese travel trademark in the region and the world.
He was deserved to be an exemplary Vietnamese entrepreneur and a pioneer boosting up Vietravel to a new stature and intensifying spirit for travel companies of Vietnam to enter the international arena firmly with their professional staffs, sustainable economic capacities, solidarity and determination to act for lofty missions of Vietnamese entrepreneurs’ spirit in pioneering and advancing.
VIETRAVEL SUPPORTS COMPATRIOTS IN THE CENTRAL REGION
A part from constant efforts in business development, Vietravel always regards social activities as part of its responsibilities for the society.
In 2013, Vietravel defined it as the year of socially responsible travel.
Accordingly, Vietravel with its offices and branches nationwide ranging from Lao Cai to Phu Quoc coordinated with local authorities in organizing social activities such as ocular surgery for poor patients, offering warm clothes to compatriots in the mountainous regions, presenting scholarships to excellent pupils and students in difficult circumstances…
In the spirit of compassion and sharing part of loss in the recent heavy storm suffered by compatriots in the Central Region, all leaders and staffs of Vietravel voluntarily contributed pay of one working day.
Also in October, Vietravel in coordination with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients to perform ocular surgery for over 130 poor patients in Can Tho and Long Xuyen.
Vietravel is launching “Light for Life” program with a view to bring light to many more poor blinds nationwide
With the objective to become the first multinational travel corporation in Vietnam, Vietravel will more and more associate business development with social development to make contribution to each locality.
VIETRAVEL IS PROUD OF HAVING RECEIVED AWARD FOR THE THIRD CONSECUTIVE TIME FROM TTG TRAVEL AWARDS
The 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013 was officially held at Bangkok Convention Centre at CentralWorld (Thailand) at night, October 3rd 2013 for leading groups and companies in travel industry in Asia.
Vietravel was honored to be the only travel company of Vietnam receiving the third consecutive award from this event.
Below is photo reportage recorded from the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013 at Bangkok, Thailand:
Vietravel’s Representative - Ms.Nguyen Le Huong received award at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013
Partners congratulated on the success of Vietravel
General Director Nguyen Quoc Ky shared happiness with partners and reporters traveling with Vietravel delegation
Leader of Sai Travel – a partner of Vietravel in Japan congratulated Vietravel
Mr. La Quoc Khanh – Deputy Director of HCMC Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism shared happiness with Vietravel
Representative of Thai Airway congratulated Vietravel
Mr. Ngoc Chau – Director of FBNC Television Channel attended the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013
Representative of Vietnam Airlines shared happiness with Vietravel
Tour service provider in partnership with Vietravel in Thailand
Representative of Tien Phong Newspaper congratulated Vietravel
Thanh Nien Newspaper in companionship with Vietravel on any way…
Representative of Saigon Entrepreneur Newspaper was also present in Bangkok to witness award of Vietravel for the third time from TTG Asia
Representatives of VTV and HTV had commemorative photograph taken with Vietravel
Representatives of Lao Dong Newspaper, Tuoi Tre Newspaper and VTV
Representative of Nguoi Lao Dong Newspaper – a newspaper of every home was also present to witness and post news on this event
Together congratulating on the breakthrough developments of Vietravel in the Region and the world
VIETRAVEL PROMOTES TOURISM AT THE NORTH CENTRAL REGION ECONOMIC EXCHANGE FAIR – VINH 2013
Vietravel branch in Vinh city participated in promoting tourism at the North Central Region Economic Exchange Fair – Vinh 2013 at Vinh City Central Park – Truong Thi Street from 4th to 11th October 2013.
This fair was hosted by the People’s Committee of Nghe An province, Nghe An Department of Industry and Trade, and the People’s Committee of Vinh city.
According to Nghe An trade promotion program 2013 towards celebration of the 225th anniversary of Phuong Hoang Trung Do, 50th anniversary of Vinh city, 5th anniversary of Class-I city and receiving Third-Class Independence Medal, the North Central Region Economic Exchange Fair was organized with a view to creating opportunities for domestic and foreign enterprises to meet, exchange, introduce new products, new technologies to people in Nghe An province in general and in Vinh City in particular.
The fair included 300 – 400 booths with the participation of over 250 domestic and foreign entities.
A large number of visitors visited and booked tours at Vietravel’s booth
Vietravel’s booth on an area of 54m2 included 6 standard stands numbered from 277 to 282, located at the area set aside for typical enterprises.
At Vietravel’s booth, clients would be advised and offered in terms of tours under the autumnal promotion program 2013, specific tours designed for clients in Vinh city such as Vinh – Laos – Cambodia tour, Vinh – Laos – Thailand tour,…In addition, clients would also have opportunities to join animated game shows with prizes and lucky draw together with valuable gifts offered to visitors at Vietravel’s booth.
Especially, clients directly booking for tours at Vietravel’s booth apart from seasonal promotion programs would get instant discount VND 300,000 per each tour.
Client played game at Vietravel’s booth
As a leading tour operator in Vietnam, Vietravel has always cared of tourism promotion activities.
Domestically, Vietravel has contributed to the success of Ho Chi Minh City Tourism Festival, the International Travel Expo for years,..
In 2013, Vietravel is proud of having been the first and only travel company of Vietnam receiving awards from the World Travel Awards (WTA) and awards from the TTG Travel Awards held by TTG Asia Magazine for three consecutive years 2011, 2012 and 2013.
Vietravel Branch in Vinh City
No.6 Adjacency - Block C1 – Tecco Building –Quang Trung Street – Vinh City.
Tel: 038 3552299 – Fax: 038 356610
VIETRAVEL ACTS TOWARDS TEACHERS AND PUPILS OF BAN KHOANG LOWER SECONDARY SCHOOL (SA PA) SUFFERING FROM NATURAL DISASTERS
In the morning, October 2nd 2013, Vietravel branches in the North (Lao Cai, Hanoi and Hai Phong) in coordination with Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association offered gifts and warm clothes to teachers and pupils of Ban Khoang lower secondary school (Sa Pa) suffering from natural disasters.
The offering session was also attended by leaders of Lao Cai Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Chairperson of Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Lao Cai Province, Chairperson of Lao Cai Red Cross Association, Representative of Sapa Tourism Association and press representatives in Lao Cai.
Mr.Tang Van Toan – Director of Vietravel Lao Cai said that: “With the target of socially and environmentally responsible travel in 2013 by Vietravel, from September 11th to September 20th, the management board and trade union executive board of Vietravel in the North together with enthusiastic support from Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association initiated the donation program and received many clothes, books, notebooks and necessities from Vietravel branches and benefactors.
Mr. Tang Van Toan – Director of Vietravel Lao Cai made a speech at the offering session
Being a travel company, apart from doing business in Lao Cai province, Vietravel in Lao Cai in particular and in the North in general has regularly cared of charity and humanity.
In the program for offering gifts and warm clothes to teachers and pupils of Ban Khoang lower secondary school, Vietravel offered over 500 warm clothes, 6 gifts (each gift valued at VND 1,000,000) to 6 teachers and their families heavily suffering from serious flash flood, and 50 gifts (each gift valued at VND 100,000) for pupils with good and excellent learning outcomes, 500 kg of rice, 225 pairs of shoes, books, notebooks and other necessities for the school.
Representatives of Vietravel and Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association offered gifts to pupils with good and excellent learning outcomes
Gifting to 06 teachers of Ban Khoang lower secondary school and their families
These are significant gifts from the sincere heart of each staff of Vietravel and Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association. It is hoped that such practical support will not only help children in the mountainous areas have opportunity to go to school but also help reduce difficulties in life for their parents, relatives and teachers in fostering and educating them.
VIETRAVEL PROMOTES VIETNAM TOURISM IN DUBAI
A celebration party was held by Vietravel at Shangri-la hotel (Dubai) at night, September 30th 2013 to introduce Vietnamese images, culture and gastronomy to leading partners, travel companies and airlines in Dubai.
Mr.Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to The United Arab Emirates was also present at the celebration party.
It can be said that Vietravel has gained prestige in the regional and global travel markets recently.
Thereby, the Vietnam tourism promotion in Dubai this time is under the strategy for development of two-way travel from Dubai to Vietnam and from Vietnam to Dubai.
Vietravel has opened tour route to Dubai since 2008 up to now and for two recent years, Dubai tour has become one of the hottest tours in the distant travel market, apart from tours to the United States, Europe and South Africa, there have been also tours to Dubai and Mauritius Island.
At the celebration party, Vietravel introduced to partners in Dubai with Vietnamese traditional melodies, unique gastronomy together with significant gifts.
All of which were very impressive to partners and guests.
Speaking at the celebration party, Mr.Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to the United Arab Emirates has affirmed his support to and appreciation of Vietravel in promoting, introducing Vietnam tourism in Dubai in particular and in the United Arab Emirates in general.
This was a good opportunity for Vietravel to pioneer in approaching by its capacity and strategic steps.
Vietravel would also receive WTA Award at Annatara Dubai the Palm Resort &amp; Spa at 7 p.m,October 1st 2013 (UAE local time).
Below are some typical images that we recorded at the Vietravel Celebration Party in Dubai:
Guests and partners attended Vietravel Celebration Party in Dubai
Mr. Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to The United Arab Emirates attended Vietravel celebration party in Dubai
Mr. Tran Doan The Duy – Deputy General Director of Vietravel introduced on Vietravel and expressed his desire that cooperation between Vietravel and partners in Dubai would be more and more developed and close-knit in the future
VIETRAVEL NHA TRANG SPONSORS AND HOSTS VIETRAVEL CUP MINI FOOTBALL TOURNAMENT
To commemorate the World Tourism Day (September 27th), and to create close relations with local press agencies, Vietravel Nha Trang sponsored and hosted the first Vietravel Cup Mini Football Tournament 2013.
Vietravel Nha Trang’s football team took part in the tournament together with football teams of local press agencies.
Some typical caves and grottoes in Phong Nha - Ke Bang are Phong Nha, Tien Son and Thien Duong grottoes, Toi, En and Khe Ry caves. Especially, Son Doong Cave is considered as the largest cave in the world with 200m in height, 200m in width, at least 8.5km in length.
With its characteristics of topography, climate, soil and hydrography, Phong Nha - Ke Bang boasts a rich, diversified and unique flora.
Investigations show that Phong Nha - Ke Bang has a large tropical forest floor. It covers 93.57 percent of the natural area, of which nearly 83.74 percent is covered by primeval forests.
The diversity of rare and precious species of animals and plants in Phong Nha - Ke Bang is corollary of its natural conditions, and is a feature of the forest ecosystem.
Statistics show that the flora of Phong Nha - Ke Bang belongs to 2,400 species of higher plants with 208 orchid species, of which many rare and precious species are listed in Viet Nam’s Red Book and IUCN’s Red Book (International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources).
Besides, there are 140 animal species, 356 bird species, 97 reptile species, 47 amphibian species, 162 fish species, 369 insect species, many of which are listed in Red Book of Viet Nam and IUCN such as Sao la, Mang lon, Mang Truong Son, Ha Tinh langur… Phong Nha - Ke Bang is considered a huge biological museum in Viet Nam.
Phong Nha – Ke Bang has been declared a world natural heritage by UNESCO twice in July 2003 in the 27th meeting in Paris (France) and July 2015 in the 39th meeting in Bonn (Federal Republic of Germany).
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION:
Opening time: from 07:00 to 17:00 on weekdays.
Ticket price:
+ Tour of Phong Nha - Tien Son grottos
- Sightseeing tickets:
Phong Nha Grotto:
- Adults: VND80,000
- Children (from 7 to 15 years old): VND40,000
Tien Son Grotto:
- Adults: VND40,000
- Children (from 7 to 15 years old): VND20,000
- Boat renting price: Visiting Phong Nha, Tien Son grottos (each boat carrying 01 to 14 people, including children):
- Visiting 01 grotto: VND 320,000/boat; duration: 3.5 hours
- Visiting 02 grottos: VND 350,000/boat; duration: 05 hours
+ Nuoc Mooc Spring Eco Trail
- Sightseeing ticket:
- Adults: VND50,000
- Children (from 7 to 15 years old): VND30,000
+ Tour of Chay River – Toi (Dark) Cave
- Sightseeing ticket:
- Adults: VND80,000
- Children (from 7 to 15 years old): VND40,000
- Boat renting price: VND 500,000/boat; duration: 05 hours
Each boat carries 01 to 14 people, including children.
+ Tour of history - spirituality: Free of charge
+ Explore the mysterious depths of Phong Nha Grotto and Explore the nature of Rao Thuong– En Cave: please contact Phong Nha - Ke Bang Tourism Center for more information.
Phong Nha - Ke Bang Tourism Center - Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park
Add: Son Trach Commune, Bo Trach District, Quang Binh Province
Tel / Fax: (84-52) 3677 323 (ext.101)
Email: phongnhakebangdl@gmail.com
Website: www.phongnhakebangdl.com
www.phongnhatourism.com.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Quang Binh
Contact:
Hotels in Quang Binh
COMPLEX OF HUE MONUMENTS (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Location
Complex of Hue Monuments lies along the Perfume River in Hue City and some adjacent areas of Thua Thien Hue Province.
Hue City constitutes the cultural, political and economic centre of the province, and was the old imperial city of Viet Nam under the Nguyen Dynasty from 1802 to 1945.
History
Since 1306, after the wedding of the princess Huyen Tran of the Tran Dynasty with Che Man, the Cham King, the territories of Chau O and Chau Ly (comprised of Quang Tri, Thua Thien - Hue and part of Northern Quang Nam today) took the name of Thuan Hoa.
In the second half of the 15th century, under the reign of King Le Thanh Tong, the name of "Hue" appeared for the first time.
In 1636, the residence of the Nguyen Lords was settled at Kim Long (Hue). In 1687, it was transferred to Phu Xuan – where is the Citadel today.
Early in the 18th century, Phu Xuan became the political, economic and cultural centre of the southern part of Viet Nam.
Then, from 1788 to 1801, it became the capital of the Tay Son Dynasty.
From 1802 to 1945, Hue was the capital of unified Viet Nam under the reign of the 13 Nguyen Kings.
During these years, architectural works of a high cultural and historic value were built: the Citadel, especially the Imperial City (including 253 constructions), 7 Royal tomb compound of 9 kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, the Esplanade of Nam Giao, the Ho Quyen arena and the Hon Chen Temple.
Cultural values
Located in the centre of Hue, along the Perfume (Huong) River’s northern bank, the complex of royal architecture represents and demonstrates the power of the Nguyen Dynasty's centralism. Contained in this complex are the Hue Capital Citadel, the Royal Citadel or Imperial City and the Forbidden Citadel clustered together, symmetrically placed along the longitudinal axis and facing to the south.
The system of walls combines sophisticatedly both eastern and western architectural styles placed in natural harmony with Ngu Binh Mount, Perfume River, Gia Vien and Boc Thanh islets. Even people implicitly consider these natural landscapes as a part of the complex.
Surrounded by a square wall, almost 600 metres in length on each side, the Imperial City has four gates, of which the south gate (Ngo Mon) is most typical in construction and is widely seen and recognized as the symbol of Hue Citadel. It served not only as the main entrance but was also the place where important events of the dynasty took place.
Within the area of the Imperial City, the Forbidden Citadel was the area reserved for daily activities of the royal family.
The main north-south axis, called miraculous road, runs through the three walls of the Hue Capital Citadel, Imperial City and Forbidden Citadel and was marked with the important constructions of Hue Citadel. Hundred of small and large buildings were built symmetrically along this axis in harmony with their natural surroundings gives one a feeling of gentle and serenity. These buildings include Nghinh Luong Pavilion (Pavilion for Fresh Air), Phu Van Lau (or the Pavilion of Edicts was the building where Emperor's edicts and lists of successful candidates of Thi Hoi (National Examination) and Thi Dinh (Court Examinations) were publicised), Ky Dai (Flag Tower), Ngo Mon Gate (the main entrance), Thai Hoa Palace (The Throne Palace, or Palace of the Supreme Harmony, was the building for great court's meetings), Can Chanh Palace (the place for every day working of Emperors), Can Thanh Palace (Emperor's Private Palace), Khon Thai Residence (Queen's Private Apartment), Kien Trung Pavilion (the place for daily activities of Emperors)...
In the distance, to the west of the Capital Citadel, along the Perfume River, are the famous royal tombs and temples, masterpieces in landscape architecture built by the Nguyen Dynasty.
This resulted in the architecture of royal tombs in Hue being distinguished by unique characteristics.
Each tomb reflects its owner’s life and character: the magnificence of Gia Long’s tomb in the immense landscape of mountains and jungles represents the spirit of a general in war; the symmetry and majesty of Minh Mang’s tomb combiners both man-made and natural mountains and lakes and reveals the powerful will and solemn nature of a talented politician who was also an orderly poet; the peaceful and sombre qualities of Thieu Tri’s tomb reflects the innermost feelings of an outstanding poet who made few achievements in political life; the romance and poetic atmosphere of Tu Duc’s tomb evoke the elegant and subtle tendency of a poet rather than the strong characteristic of a politician.
In addition, place-names that embellish for the beauty of the Complex of Hue Monuments can be named as: Huong River, Ngu Binh Mountain, Thien Mu Pagoda, Bach Ma Mountain, the Thuan An and Lang Co Beaches...
At the meeting of the 17th session of the World Heritage Committee (WHC) in Columbia, from the 6th to the 11th of December 1993, UNESCO has come to the decision of recognising the architectural ensemble of Hue as a world cultural heritage.
This was a noteworthy event in the cultural history. For the reason that Hue is the first site in Vietnam ever listed in the World Heritage list.
As to the cultural value, a World Cultural Heritage Site, like the Complex of Hue Monuments, has to:
- Be representative of an original artistic achievement, a masterpiece created by Man’s hands;
- Have a great value for its building technique or its architecture in a general development plan for a city or in a program for the embellishment of the sight of a world cultural zone;
ATTRACTIONS
Monuments outside theCapital Citadel
Tran Binh Bastion • Phu Van Lau • Thuong Bac Pavillion • Gia Long Tomb • Minh Mang Tomb • Thieu Tri Tomb • Tu Duc Tomb • Dong Khanh Tomb • Duc Duc Tomb • Khai Dinh Tomb • Esplanade of Nam Giao • Ho Quyen (Royal Arena) • Van Mieu (Temple of Literature)• Vo Mieu (Temple of Martial Arts)• An Dinh Palace • Memorial House of Queen Mother Tu Cung • Tran Hai Rampart • Thien Mu Pagoda • Hon Chen Temple • Perfume River, Ngu Mountain • Truong Tien Bridge.
Monuments inside theCapital Citadel
Ky Dai • Nine Holy Cannons • Tinh Tam Lake • Quoc Tu Giam • Phu Xuan Communal House • Hue Museum of Royal Antique.
Monuments inside Hoang Thanh (Imperial Citadel)
Ngo Mon • Thai Dich Lake and Trung Dao Bridge • Thai Hoa Palace and Great Rite Courtyard • Trieu Mieu • Thai Mieu • Hung Mieu • The Mieu • Hien Lam Pavilion • Nine Dynastic Urns • Dien Tho Palace • Truong Sinh Palace.
Monuments inside Tu Cam Thanh (Forbidden Citadel)
Bronze Cauldron • Royal Library (Thai Binh Lau) • Duyet Thi Duong.
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
Ticket Price (Unit: VND/person/turn):
No.
Sites
Ticket price
Adult
Children (7-12 years of age)
Imperial Citadel
Tu Duc Tomb, Khai Dinh Tomb, Minh Mang Tomb
Dong Khanh Tomb, Thieu Tri Tomb, Hue Museum of Royal Antique, Hon Chen Temple
An Dinh Palace
Package tour ticket:
No.
Tours
Ticket price: (VND/person/)
Adult
Children (7-12 years of age)
Imperial Citadel – Khai Dinh Tomb – Minh Mang Tomb (Free of charge to visit Hue Museum of Royal Antique)
Imperial Citadel – Tu Duc Tomb – Khai Dinh Tomb – Minh Mang Tomb(Free of charge to visit Hue Museum of Royal Antique)
Transport service:
There are electric cars from Hien Nhon Gate (Exit way of the Imperial Citadel) to the Hue Museum of Royal Antique (free of charge until the end of 2013).
Hue Monuments Conservation Center
Add: 23 Tong Duy Tan St., Hue City
Tel: (84-54) 353 0840/352 3237/351 2751
Fax: (84-54) 352 6083
Email: huedisan@gmail.com
Website: http://www.hueworldheritage.org.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Thua Thien - Hue
Contact:
Hotels in Thua Thien - Hue
HOI AN ANCIENT TOWN (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Hoi An is an old town down the Thu Bon River, on the coastal plain of Quang Nam Province, about 30 km south of Da Nang City.
Hoi An used to be known on the international market with many different names such as Lam Ap, Faifo, Hoai Pho and Hoi An.
What is so special about Hoi An is that this little port town is in an incredible state of preservation. It offers some of the most densely-concentrated sights in Viet Nam with its old streets bordered with ancient houses and assembly halls, its pagodas, temples, ancient wells and tombs.
The architecture of Hoi An is characterised by a harmonious blend of Vietnamese, Chinese and Japanese influences.
After many centuries, Hoi An is still respectful of its traditions, folk festivals, beliefs and of its sophisticated culinary art.
Set in a quiet environment, Hoi An is surrounded by peaceful villages that have crafts such as carpentry, bronze making, ceramic...
Researchers said most of the buildings in Hoi An underwent restoration at the beginning of the 19th century, even if they might be constructed long time ago.
The ancient architecture shown most clearly in the Ancient Town that located in Minh An Ward.
It covers about 2 square kilometres and almost of all famous relics in Hoi An are gathered here.
The streets are very short and narrow, having a winding, crossing as the chessboard style.
The topography of the ancient town tilt gradually from north to south.
The buildings in the old town is built mostly with traditional materials such as: brick, wood and no more than two floors.
The traces of time is able to find not only on the architectural design of each building but also everywhere like: on the yin-yang roof tiles covered with moss and plants; the old gray mold walls; the pictures carved on a strange animal, or describing a old story… Having inherited a multi-cultural architecture so varied and sophisticated, Hoi An must have attracted numerous and talented workers in carpentry, ceramics, and woodcarving from China, Japan and other regions of Viet Nam.
For centuries, Hoi An had developed into a melting pot of various nationalities who came to the area, bringing along their own cultures.
Accordingly, Hoi An features the co-existence of indigenous customs and habits and those imported by foreign settlers.
There are animist cults, of the Genie-Whale and worship of deities of natural phenomena (such as rain, wind, thunder), but also the worship of Holy Protectors like Thien Hau, Quan Cong, Bao Sinh Dai De, Avalokitesvara, especially among the Chinese community.
They hold regular festivals or cultural and religious activities on the occasion of Tet Nguyen Tieu (the 16th day of the 1st lunar month), Thanh Minh (3rd lunar month), Doan Ngo (the 5th day of the 5th lunar month), Trung Thu (the 15th day of the 8th lunar month), Trung Cuu (the 9th day of the 9th lunar month), and Ha Nguyen (the 15th day of the 10th lunar month).
The social and cultural diversity adds up to the uniqueness of Hoi An’s inhabitants.
Rich in traditions and early exposed to the outside world, the Hoi An people feature a unique cultural identity, which has been well preserved from generation to generation.
Lives of people who stay here incline to be interior with subtle quiet.
In the mind of the natives of Hoi An, this town constitutes a large ancient home that shelters a big family of many descendants including hospitable dwellers, friendly hosts and hostesses, kind-hearted women, obedient children and so on. They together form a harmonious community who has lived peacefully side by side through successive generations.
Upon reaching Hoi An, visitors will immediately feel the hospitality and friendship the locals extend to them.
One thing that has withstood the test of time, one thing that the Hoi An people today can be proud of and therefore, make every efforts to preserve is their popular ho (chants) and age-old cultural festivals.
Among them, the "Nights of Hoi An" is held on the 14th night of every lunar month. Visitors can immerse themselves in a festive atmosphere imbued with the traditional identities of Hoi An.
The architectural significance of Hoi An has been recognized by UNESCO, during the 23rd Congress which took place in Marrakech (Morocco) from the 29th of November to the 4th of December 1999, since the town was officially listed as a World Cultural Heritage Site.
ATTRACTIONS:
In the ancient town:
- Chua Cau (Japanese Bridge)
- Old Houses: Quan Thang Old House (77 Tran Phu); Diep Dong Nguyen Old House (80 Nguyen Thai Hoc) Tan Ky Old House (101 Nguyen Thai Hoc); Phung Hung Old House (4 Nguyen Thi Minh Khai); Tran Family Chapel (21 Le Loi)
- Ancient Wells: Ba Le Well (Kiet Gieng Alley, Minh An Ward)
- Assembly Halls: Quang Dong Assembly Hall (17 Tran Phu); Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall (46 Tran Phu); Trieu Chau Assembly Hall (157 Nguyen Duy Hieu); Hai Nam Assembly Hall (10 Tran Phu)
- Museums: Museum of Trade Ceramics Hoi An (80 Tran Phu), Museum of Sa Huynh Culture (149 Tran Phu); Hoi An Museum of History and Culture (7 Nguyen Hue); Hoi An Museum of Folk Culture (33 Nguyen Thai Hoc)
- Lantern Manufacturers: Ha Linh Lantern Manufacturer (72 Tran Nhan Tong); Huynh Van Ba Lantern Manufacturer ​​(54 Nguyen Thi Minh Khai)
Surroundings:
- Cua Dai Beach;
- Bay Mau Coconut Forest;
- Cu Lao Cham;
- Tra Que Vegetable Village;
- Thanh Ha Pottery Village;
- Kim Bong Carpentry Village;
- Tombs of the Japanese traders
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
- Ticket price: VND80,000/person (Vietnamese visitors); VND120,000/person (foreign visitors)
- Visitors can enjoy: All streets in the Ancient Town, artistic activities, folk games, night market. 5 of the 21 sightseeing places:
* Japanese Covered Bridge, Cam Pho Communal House, Minh Huong Communal House, House of Tuy Tien Duong, Quan Cong Temple.
* Museums: History and Culture, Trade Ceramics, Sa Huynh Culture, Folk Culture.
* Old houses: Quan Thang, Duc An, Phung Hung, Tran Family's Chapel, Tan Ky.
* Assembly Halls: Trieu Chau, Quang Dong, Phuc Kien.
* Handicraft workshop and traditional arts performance, XQ Hoi An.
* Ancient tombs of Japanese traders: Mr Gu Sokukun, Mr Tani Yajirobei, Mr Banjiro.
Services in Hoi An
Visitors can rent bicycles, motorcycles to visit around Hoi An.
However, the most interesting thing is walking around the ancient town to feel the ethos of this place.
Visitors can only visit the ancient town by motorcycles at periods: before 7:00; 11:30 – 14:00, 17:00 – 18:30 and after 21:00.
- Free WiFi Internet access in Hoi An Ancient Town
- Discovering Hoi An Night is interesting with traditional games, folk songs, and local food...
Time: - Summer (from 16 April to 15 October): from 19:00 to 21:30; Winter (from 16 October to 15 April): from 18:30 to 21:00.
- Hoi An Legendary Night, Date: The 14th day of every lunar month - Time: From 18:30 to 21:30
- Night Market: Open everyday from 17:00 - 23:00 on Nguyen Hoang Street (opposite the Japanese Bridge) with 40 stalls selling handicraft products such as ceramics, lanterns and traditional specialties of Hoi An - Quang Nam.
- The program of "Enjoy lifting ro (small square fishing-net) on the river"Two times per day: from 9:00 to 11:00 and from 15:00 to 21:00 at Hoai River (arc area of the Japanese Bridge).
- The program of "Piano performance place": from 19:00 to 21:00 daily at 106 Bach Dang.
- Folk performances: from 19:00 to 21:00 daily at 78 Le Loi.
Hoi An specialties:
- Foods: cao lau noodles, girdle cake (rice paper – banh trang) mix with oysters, Steamed Bun (banh bao), white rose – Small Shrimp Dumpling (banh vac).
- Gifts: banh in (Moulded Snow-Flaked Cake), banh dau xanh (green bean cake), banh it la gai (Small Sweet Dark Jelly-like Dumplings wrapped in Banana Leaf Pyramid), chili sauce of Hoi An.
Center for Culture and Sports of Hoi An City
Address: 01 Nguyen Truong To Street, Hoi An City
Tel: (84-510) 386 1327
Fax: (84-510) 386 3761
Email: ttvhtt@dng.vnn.vn
Website: http://www.hoianworldheritage.org.vn
Hoi An Center for Cultural Heritage Management and Preservation
Add: 10B Tran Hung Dao Street, Hoi An City
Tel: (84-510) 386 2367/386 2946
Fax: (84-510) 386 1779
Email: ttqlbtdt@gmail.com
Website: http://hoianheritage.net
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Quang Nam
Contact:
Hotels in Quang Nam
MY SON SANCTUARY (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
My Son Sanctuary is set in a small valley belonging to Duy Phu Commune, Duy Xuyen District, Quang Nam Province, about 70km southwest of Danang City and 40km from Hoi An City.
At the beginning of the 7th century, King Sambhuvarman had it rebuilt and rebaptized Sambhu-Bhadresvara.
Each new monarch came to My Son after his accession to the throne, for the ceremony of purification and to present offerings and erect new monuments, which explains why My Son is the only place where Cham art flourished without interruption from the 7th to the 13th century.
The temples in My Son were built into groups that basically followed the same model.
Each group was comprised of a main sanctuary (kalan), surrounded by towers and auxiliary monuments.
The kalan, which is a symbol of Meru Mountain (centre of the universe, where the gods live) is dedicated to Shiva.
The small temples are devoted to the spirits of the eight compass points.
In the towers, topped with tiled, curved roofs, were stocked the offerings and sacred objects of the pilgrims.
Cham temples do not have windows, so they are very dark inside. Windows are only found on the towers.
Cham towers and temples are built of bricks associated with sandstone decorations.
It is quite noteworthy that no adhesive can be seen in between the bricks, which is amazing since some of the works have survived thousands of years.
The structures were built, and only then did the sculptors carve the decorations of floral patterns, human figures or animals.
This technique is unique in Asia.
Every kalan in My Son is comprised of three parts: the bhurloka (foundations), the bhurvaloka (body of the tower) and the svarloka (roof).
The bhurloka represents the terrestrial world.
It is decorated all the way round by engravings of patterns, animals, human characters praying under small vaults, masks of Kala or Makara (monsters), dancers, musicians…
The bhurvaloka symbolises the spiritual world where, after being purified, men could meet the ancestors and the gods.
The svarloka usually has three storeys in the same style as the base, and features a main door and other, false, ones.
It is decorated with small sandstone or brick statues representing mythical animals, which are mounts ridden by gods in the Indian tradition: birds, swans, buffaloes, elephants or lions.
There are small decorative towers at the corners of the 1st and 2nd storeys.
Thanks to Henri Parmentier, the temples of My Son were classified into groups of letters (A, A’, B, C, D, E, F, G, H and K), and then numbered according to their functions.
It starts with the main sanctuary, the kalan, (number 1), then the gate tower (number 2), and so on.
Even though these categories break up the architectural complex of My Son as a whole, they are remarkably efficient for the study and maintenance of the ruins.
In December, 1999, at the 23th meeting of World Heritage Committee of UNESCO in Marrakesh, Marocco, My Son was recognised as world cultural heritage based on two prominent criteria: criterion (ii) an exceptional example of cultural interchange, with an indigenous society adapting to external cultural influences, notably the Hindu art and architecture of the Indian sub-continent and criterion (iii) the Champa Kingdom was an important phenomenon in the political and cultural history of South – East Asia, vividly illustrated by the ruins of My Son.
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
Ticket Price: (including fees for electric car and cultural performances)
- Vietnamese visitors: VND 60,000/person;
- International visitors: VND 100,000/person;
- There's no admission charge for children under 16 years old.
Opening time:
Summer: From 6:00 to 17:00
Winter: From 6:30 to 17:00
(The relic opens on all days of the week, including weekends and holidays)
Transportation:
Electric car system with 6 to 8 seats transports visitors from Khe The Bridge to the sanctuary (about 2km).
Tourism activities at My Son:
- Cham folk art performance: 3 times per day (at 9:30; 10:30; 14:30), (daily held).
- My Son Community Tourism Village, Duy Phu Commune, Duy Xuyen District, Quang Nam Province.
My Son Relic and Tourism Management Board
Add: Duy Phu Commune, Duy Xuyen District, Quang Nam Province
Tel: (84-510) 3731 757 - 3731 309;
Fax: (84-510) 3731 361
Email: mysonstr@gmail.com
Website: www.mysonsanctuary.com.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Quang Nam
Contact:
Hotels in Quang Nam
CENTRAL SECTOR OF THE IMPERIAL CITADEL OF THANG LONG - HA NOI (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Geographical position
The central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi covers area of 18.395ha, includes archaeological area at 18 Hoang Dieu Street and relics in Ha Noi Citadel such as: Ha Noi Flag Tower, Doan Mon, Kinh Thien Palace, Building D67, Hau Lau, Bac Mon, Forbidden City wall and eight gates from the Nguyen Dynasty.
These relics are located in Ba Dinh District and surrounded by Phan Dinh Phung Street in the north; Bac Son Street and National Assembly Building in the south; Hoang Dieu, Doc Lap streets and National Building in the west; Dien Bien Phu Street in the southwest and Nguyen Tri Phuong Street in the east.
History
In 1009, Ly Cong Uan was enthroned, founded Ly Dynasty.
In July, 1010, the king promulgated Chieu Doi Do (the royal decree) to change the capital city from Hoa Lu (Ninh Binh) to Dai La Citadel.
After transferring the capital city, Ly Cong Uan had Citadel of Thang Long built and the citadel construction was finished in early 1011.
The ancient Citadel of Thang Long was encircled by three incorporated forts. The outer fort was Kinh Thanh (Imperial City), where the general public lived. Surrounded by the Hong, To Lich and Kim Nguu rivers, Kinh Thanh acted as a dyke system for the capital city.
The second fort (the middle ring) was Hoang Thanh (Imperial Citadel), where the royal court, offices and residence of mandarins were located.
The smallest and most inner enclosure was Tu Cam Thanh (Forbidden City) where the king, queens and concubines lived in seclusion.
The Citadel of Thang Long was repaired and had many new works in Tran Dynasty and expanded in Le So Dynasty.
From 1516 to 1788 in dynasties of Mac and Le Trung Hung, the Citadel of Thang Long was destroyed many times.
In early 1789, King Quang Trung transferred the capital city to Phu Xuan, the Citadel of Thang Long only acted as Bac Thanh (the northern defensive fortification).
In Nguyen Dynasty, the remainders of the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long were transferred to Phu Xuan for building new citadel.
Only Kinh Thien Palace and Hau Lau were retained to be accommodations for Kings Nguyen during their business trips to the Bac Thanh.
In 1805, King Gia Long ordered the demolition of walls surrounding the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long and requested the building of a new, smaller citadel called Ha Noi Citadel with architectural style of Vauban (France).
In 1831, King Minh Mang changed name of the Citadel of Thang Long to Ha Noi Province in a big administrative reform.
When French colonists occupied all Indochina, they chose Ha Noi as the capital of French Indochina Union and the Ha Noi Citadel was destroyed to build military camp for French colonists.
Since the Vietnamese army took the control of the capital city in 1954, the Ha Noi Citadel has become the headquarters of the Ministry of Defense.
The first value of the central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi shows that it is nearly a book displaying over 10 century- history of Thang Long – Ha Noi from Dai La Citadel in Pre-Thang Long period to nowadays.
Archaeological value
History revealed that Imperial Citadel of Thang Long changed a lot but its centre, especially Forbidden City, remained nearly unchanged.
As architectural structures inside the Imperial Citadel were rebuilt and upgraded several times, this explained for the findings of layers of architectural vestiges and artefacts at archaeological site at 18 Hoang Dieu.
These vestiges reflect clearly relation between urban project and architectural space as well as succession of dynasties in building the Citadel of Thang Long.
This is the unique and prominent value of the central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi.
Here, archaeologists excavated a great deal of porcelain and ceramic wares used in the Imperial Citadel through various stages of development.
The findings paved the way for researchers to study ceramics made in Thang Long and ceramic wares used in the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long through different dynasties. It is also concrete evidence about high development level of economy and culture.
In addition, porcelains and bronze coins of China, Japan, Western Asia… found here proved that Thang Long was centre of cultural exchange among countries in area and received quintessence values of humanity.
At 20h30 on July 30, 2010 in Brasilia Capital of Brazil, World Heritage Committee of UNESCO recognized the central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi as world cultural heritage based on three prominent criteria: historical and cultural length; its continuousness as a power centre; diversification and plenty of vestiges and artifacts.
In opening ceremony of the 1000th anniversary of Thang Long – Ha Noi on October 1, 2010, Ms Irina Bokova – General Director of UNESCO gave certification of the central sector of Imperial Citadel of Thang Long – Ha Noi to leaders of Ha Noi City.
TYPICAL TOURIST SITES
Archaeological Site at 18 Hoang Dieu Street
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
+ Ticket Price: - VND30,000/person;
- Free for children under 15 years old.
Visitors’ entrance to the Center at 19C Hoang Dieu Street.
Tourist guide for group tours (free registration at the ticket office).
+ Opening time: Every weekday, except Monday and Friday.
- Morning: from 8:00 to 11:30
- Afternoon: from 13:00 to 16:30
Conservation Centre for the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long - Ha Noi
Address: 9 Hoang Dieu Street, Ba Dinh Dist.,Ha Noi
Tel: (84-4) 3734 5427/3734 5927
Fax: (84-4) 3734 5926
Email: hoangthanhthanglong@gmail.com
Website: www.hoangthanhthanglong.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Hanoi
Contact:
Hotels in Hanoi
CITADEL OF THE HO DYNASTY (WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE)
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty is situated in communes of Vinh Tien, Vinh Long, Vinh Quang, Vinh Yen, Vinh Phuc, Vinh Ninh, Vinh Khang, Vinh Thanh and Vinh Loc Town (Vinh Loc District), Thanh Hoa Province.
It was the capital of Viet Nam from 1398 to 1407.
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty was built in 1397 by Ho Quy Ly who was the highest-ranking mandarin of the Tran Dynasty at the time.
After the citadel was completed, Ho Quy Ly forced King Tran Thuan Tong to move the capital from the citadel of Thang Long (Ha Noi) to Thanh Hoa.
In the second month of the year of Dragon (1400), after coming to the crown to replace the King Tran, Ho Quy Ly renamed the country Dai Ngu (1400-1407), the citadel of the Ho Dynasty officially became the capital citadel.
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty is also known as names of An Ton, Tay Do, Tay Kinh, Tay Nhai,Tay Giai.
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty is considered as the only stone citadel remaining in Southeast Asia and is one of the few remains in the world.
The citadel of the Ho Dynasty has met the two criteria specified in the World Heritage Convention.
It is the criterion (ii), "to exhibit an important interchange of human values, over a span of time or within a cultural area of the world, on developments in architecture or technology, monumental arts, town-planning or landscape design," and the criterion (iv), "to be an outstanding example of a type of building, architectural or technological ensemble or landscape which illustrates (a) significant stage(s) in human history."
In the world heritage record, the citadel of the Ho Dynasty is briefly described as follows: The citadel of the Ho Dynasty, built according to the feng shui principles, testifies to the flowering of neo-Confucianism in late 14th century in Viet Nam and its spread to other parts of East Asia.
Thanks to the unique construction techniques all the major stone sections are intact and have not been affected by time and weather or by recent urban encroachment.
According to historical documents, ancient bibliographies and archaeological research, the complex of the citadel of the Ho Dynasty includes Thanh Noi (Inner Citadel and also known as Imperial Citadel) with the remains of the royal palaces and temples inside; Hao Thanh; La Thanh and Nam Giao Altar (for worshipping the Heaven).
The Thanh Noi is a unique architectural work, with a circumference of 3,508, an area of 142.2ha; the wall is 870.5m long from north to south; 883.5m long from east to west.
The Thanh Noi has four main gates made of green square stone plates beautifully carved and overlapped tightly one after another.
On the average, each stone plate is 1.5m long, 1m thick and weighs about 15-20 tonnes.
Its four domed gates are called the Southern, Northern, Western and Eastern gates (or also known as the Front, Back, Left and Right gates).
The stone plates on the dome are carved as sections of a grapefruit, tightly overlapping.
The Front gate in the south is the main gate and has three doors. The middle door is 5.82m wide and 5.75m high. The side doors are 5.45m wide and 5.35m high.
Each of three remaining gates has only one door, of which the Northern Gate is 5.8m wide; the Eastern Gate is 5.9m wide; 5.4m high; and the Western Gate is 5.8m wide, 5.4m high.
The wall of the citadel is 5-6m high on average. The highest wall section is the front gate with the height of 10m.
Scientists estimated that the entire wall was made of 25,000m³ of stones.
According to the documents, there were palaces in the Thanh Noi such as Hoang Nguyen, Nhan Tho, Phu Cuc, Dong Cung, Dong Thai Mieu, Tay Thai Mieu, Diem Canh…
However, now the Thanh Noi remains some relics such as a part of the citadel’s wall and four gates, vestiges of lakes, a couple of stone dragons with sophisticated carving features, foundation of Thanh Noi architecture, Hoa Nhai marble-paved road, stone balls, stone bullets, pottery, the Southern gate precinct and valuable objects with specific characteristics of Tran - Ho dynasties culture.
Called Hao Thanh, the system of water trench surrounded the Thanh Noi and connected with Buoi River through a canal at the southeast corner of the citadel.
The Hao Thanh had four stone bridges over to the Thanh Noi at the four gates.
Nowadays, many parts of the Hao Thanh have been filled and dried.
However, the traces of the Hao Thanh still can be seen very clearly in the north, east and south of the citadel.
The La Thanh, the outer wall of the citadel built to protect the Thanh Noi was home to residents in the citadel.
The La Thanh was approximately 10km in perimeter and its construction based on the natural terrain.
The Ho Dynasty built the La Thanh by banking up and making bamboo hedge to connect the mountains of Don Son (Vinh Thanh Commune), Hac Khuyen (Vinh Long Commune), Xuan Dai, Trac Phong, Tien Sy (Vinh Ninh Commune), Kim Ngo (Vinh Tien Commune), Kim Nguu, Tuong Son (Vinh Quang Commune) with two rivers of Buoi and Ma.
Now, the trace of La Thanh in Beo Village (Vinh Long Commune) with a length of 2,051.9m, a height of about 5m, trapezoid section of 9.2m, the base of the citadel of 37m has been localized for protection.
The Nam Giao Altar, an importance royal architectural work, was built in 1402 in the southwest of Don Son Mountain, on the spiritual pathway directly connected with the Southern gate, about 2.5 km away from the citadel of the Ho Dynasty to the southeast.
The Nam Giao Altar has an area of 43,000m².
Currently, the altar appears 5 grounds with 5 terraces.
There is a difference of 7.80 meters between the highest and the lowest.
The Nam Giao Altar is the place to sacrifice to the heaven; pray for harmonious rain and wind, peaceful country and happy people, prosperous and everlasting dynasty.
In addition, the altar is also the place to sacrifice to the soul of dead kings, stars and many other genies.
Nam Giao ceremony is considered as a royal ritual.
The first Nam Giao ceremony of the Ho Dynasty was held in the same year of constructing the altar.
At the citadel of the Ho Dynasty, apart from construction of the Nam Giao Altar and performance of Nam Giao ceremony in 1402, the Ho Dynasty had left historical marks such as establishing Xa Tac Altar (altar of the Earth Genie and the Shennong - the Divine Farmer) in 1397, organizing two state exams in 1400 and 1405.
In addition, the Ho Dynasty had been associated with remarkable innovations, such as reforming examination, building more schools, heightening the Nom scripts and issuing paper-money.
SURROUNDINGS:
Binh Khuong Temple
Ancient house
My Dam Lake
Giang Pagoda
Du Anh Pagoda and Ho Cong Cavern
Dong Mon Communal House
Tam Tong Temple
Nang Cave and An Ton Mountain
Tran Khat Chan Temple
Ancient Quarry at An Ton Mountain
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION:
+ Admission:
- Adults: VND 10,000/person
- Children from 10 to 15 years old: VND 5,000/person
+ Opening time: Every weekday, including Saturday, Sunday and holidays.
- Summer: from 7:00 to 17:00
- Winter: from 7:30 to 17:30
+ Local products: Che lam Phu Quang (sweetened pan cake), peanut candy, rang bua cake, Bao ginseng, caltrops of Bong Village...
Conservation Centre for the Citadel of the Ho Dynasty
Address: Tien Vinh Commune, Vinh Loc District, Thanh Hoa Province
- Representative Office: 16 Hac Thanh Street, Tan Son Ward, Thanh Hoa City, Thanh Hoa Province.
Phone: (84-37) 8929 181/3728 661
Fax: (84-37) 3726 308
Email: thanh_anton@yahoo.com.vn
Website: http://thanhnhaho.vn
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Thanh Hoa
Contact:
Hotels in Thanh Hoa
TRANG AN LANDSCAPE COMPLEX ()
(TITC) - Trang An Landscape Complex covers an area of 6,172ha in districts of Hoa Lu, Gia Vien, Nho Quan, Tam Diep Town and Ninh Binh City, about 90km to the southeast of Ha Noi.
The complex is surrounded by a buffer zone of 6,268ha, mostly comprising paddy rice fields and villages.
As a mixed cultural and natural property, Trang An Landscape Complex contains three protected areas, including Hoa Lu Ancient Citadel Cultural – Historical Area; Trang An – Tam Coc – Bich Dong Scenic Area and Hoa Lu Special-Use Primary Forest.
Located in the humid tropical region, Trang An Landscape Complex is a mountainous area that extends in a northwest-southeast direction.
To the north and northwest of Trang An lie Bai Dinh karst hills; to the southwest and the south are Dong Tam – Son Ha and Tam Coc – Bich Dong karst ranges; to the southeast and northeast is Truong Yen karst range; to the northeast and the north is Trang An karst range.
River network in Trang An is well developed with Hoang Long River to the north, Chanh River to the east, He River to the south, Ben Dang River to the west and river systems of Sao Khe, Ngo Dong and Den Voi in the heart of the heritage.
Trang An Area was invaded and reworked by the sea many times in the recent geological past but is now emergent on land.
Landform development over a period of more than five million years produced scenic landscape of extraordinary beauty – a blend of towering cliff-bounded mountains draped in natural rain forest, surrounded by huge and deeply developed internal basins whose clear and quietly flowing waters are connected through a myriad of underground streams and caverns, many of which are navigable by small sampans carrying tourists.
Outstanding values
Cultural value
Trang An is a prominent place in Southeast Asia and the world which contains abundant archaeological evidences preserved almost intactly, mostly shells, animal bones, pottery, stone tools, kitchen floor and human remains.
This is an extremely valuable documentary treasure demonstrating the way that prehistoric human interacted with natural landscape and adapted to major changes of environment over more than 30,000 years, at least since the late Ice Age.
During this time, they endured some of the most turbulent climatic and geographical changes in the Earth's history.
Besides, cultural and historical relics such as pagodas, temples, palaces in Trang An also contribute to consolidating many archaeological documents.
Aesthetic value
The karst tower landscape of Trang An is among the most beautiful and awe-inspiring places of its kind anywhere in the world. Dominating the landscape is a spectacular array of cone-shaped rock towers whose sheer vertical walls rise abruptly 200m above the surrounding land and water.
Narrow interconnecting ridges, which have been likened to mythical giant swords, enclose circular and linear depressions whose expansive waterways are linked by gently flowing streams winding through subterranean caverns up to one kilometer in length. Visitors, carried through these passages in small traditional sampans, can enjoy the multitude of fascinating carbonate stalactites, curtains and other decorations that adorn the ceilings.
Several historic temples and pagodas, some perched high on the valley walls and peaks, signify the important spiritual and religious associations with the landscape.
The countryside of the surrounding buffer zone presents a picture of traditional rural life with gardens and fields among small villages linked by simple tracks, narrow roads and a network of streams and canals.
Geological and geomorphological value
Trang An displays the end stages of karst tower landscape evolution in a humid tropical environment.
The product of deep dissection of an uplifted limestone massif over a period of millions years is a remarkable array of classical karst landforms, including cones and towers, depressions (cockpits), valleys (poljes), rockfall collapse structures and deposits, subterranean caverns and rivers, caves and speleothems.
A network of cross-cutting parallel faults divides the area into cells and promotes the development of enclosed depressions.
An altitudinal series of erosional notches in rock walls with associated caves, wave-cut platforms, beach deposits and marine shells is evidence of former stands of sea level.
On 23 June 2014, in Doha (Qatar), World Heritage Committee of United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) recognized officially Trang An Landscape Complex as World Cultural and Natural Heritage Site based on three criteria: culture, aestheticism and geology – geomorphology.
Main tourist sites
Hoa Lu Ancient Citadel Cultural – Historical Area: King Dinh Temple, King Le Temple, Co Am Pagoda, Kim Ngan Pagoda, Duyen Ninh Pagoda, Nhat Tru Pagoda, Thien Ton Grotto…
Trang An Scenic Area: Trinh Temple, Tran Temple, Tu Tru Temple, Dia Linh Cave, Sinh Duoc Cave, May Cave, Nau Ruou Cave, Bai Dinh Pagoda Complex…
Tam Coc – Bich Dong Scenic Area: Bich Dong Pagoda, Linh Coc Pagoda, Thai Vi Temple, Thien Huong Grotto, Tien Grotto, Thien Ha Grotto, But Cave, Mua Cave, Ca Cave, Thung Nham, Thung Nang, Co Vien Lau Ancient Village…
NHA NHAC, VIETNAMESE COURT MUSIC (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
In its ordinary meaning, Court Music is understood as music genres, including music for dance and opera, used in worshiping ceremonies, national court – organized festivities, and occasions of entertainment for Kings and Royal families.
But the term Nha Nhac (imported from China) was used by Vietnamese feudal dynasties from the Ho Dynasty with different meanings, for example sometimes indicating general court music, sometimes court ritual music in particular, sometimes indicating music department, even a concrete orchestra.
The initial foundation of Nha Nhac – the Vietnamese Court Music began conceiving since the 13th century but it only reached the peak at the Hue Court under the Nguyen Dynasty (1802-1945). The Court Music was officially formed along with the rise of Nguyen Dynasty in the early 19th century.
In about 1947, 1948, Madame Tu Cung (mother of King Bao Dai, wife of King Khai Dinh) gathered once again some court music artists, helping to maintain some genres of Hue Court Music and dance.
In the 1980s, it began to attract attention of the Ministry of Culture and local authorities.
In the 1990s, Hue Court Music enjoyed renaissance.
Thereafter Hue Court Music has been introduced much abroad.
The different genres of the Hue Court Music include worshiping ritual music, court ritual music, court dances, chamber music and opera (royal classical opera - tuong).
In the former times, Hue Court Music consisted of various genres: Giao Nhac used in the sacrifice ceremony to the Heaven and the Earth. Mieu Nhac used in worshipping ceremonies at the temples of meritorious ancestors of the Nguyen clan, Confucius, Nguyen Dynasty's literature doctors, national heroes; Ngu Tu Nhac used in Than Nong, Thanh Hoang, Xa Tac worshiping ceremonies; Dai Trieu Nhac used in great ceremonies or receptions of foreign ambassadors; Thuong Trieu Nhac used in ordinary court ceremonies; Yen Nhac used in great royal banquets; Cung Nhac (or Cung Trung Nhac) used inside the royal palaces.
Former Hue court dances were rich and performed on many occasions.
The 11 court dances remained until now are composed of Bat Dat (used in Giao, Mieu, Xa Tac, historical kings and Confucius worshipping ceremonies); Luc cung, Tam tinh, Bat tien, Dau Chien thang Phat, Tu Linh, Tam quoc Tay Du (used in van tho - King’s birthday, thanh tho - birthday of King’s mother, tien tho - birthday of Hoang Thai Phi (the imperial concubine of King’s late father) and the Mu (a Fairy or Guardian angel) worshipping ceremonies); and thien xuan (birthday of the prince – the successor to the throne); Trinh tuong tap khanh (used in tu, ngu tuan dai khanh ceremonies for wealthy people and powerful country; Nu tuong xuat quan (used on the Days of Victory, Nguyen Dynasty Enthroning Day, lunar - calendar May 2nd, at great night banquets and receptions of foreign ambassadors); Vu phien (devoted to the King's Mother, wife, ladies-in-waiting, princesses at weddings); Luc triet hoa ma dang (on Nguyen Dynasty Enthroning Day for the watching of the people masses in the front of Phu Van Lau).
The repertoire for court music genres mentioned above consisted of a variety musical pieces.
Yet, in the declining stages, many of them were lost; only the words have been remained.
The pieces still preserved are Muoi ban ngu ( or lien bo thap chuong - suite composed of 10 pieces including: Pham tuyet, Nguyen tieu, Ho quang, Lien hoan, Binh ban, Tay mai, Kim tien, Xuan phong, Long ho, Tau ma), Long dang, Long ngam, Phu luc, Tieu khuc, Tam luan cuu chuyen - ritual music asking for good rains, Dang dan cung, Dang dan don, Dang dan kep, Thai binh co nhac, Bong, Ma vu, Man and some other pieces of chamber music such as Nam Binh and Nam Ai, etc.
Nguyen Dynasty court orchestras were divers in type and number of instruments, depending on the kind of royal rituals and entertainment. There were many kinds of orchestra for example Nha nhac, Huyen nhac, Ti truc te nhac, Tieu nhac, Dai nhac, Co xuy dai nhac, Nhac Thieu, Bat am, Ty chung, Ty khanh, Ty co, etc.
Hue Court Music succeeded and enhanced the achievements of Thang Long Court Music – formed many centuries ago - to a new height.
This succession and enhancement are shown in: Maintaining some court orchestras of the previous dynasties (the most distinctive of which are Tran Dynasty's Tieu nhac and Dai nhac) and creating rich variations based on Le Dynasty ‘s orchestras;
The continuing use of many common musical instruments of Thang Long Royal Music;
Maintaining and diversifying some previous court dances, at the same time creating many new dances;
Creating a new type of chamber music (don ca Hue) and enhancing Vietnamese instrumental music to a new height both in performance techniques and forms of ensemble;
Succeeding the Dang ngoai "tuong" and bringing it to flourish simultaneously forming a new specific kind of tuong: the "tuong Kinh" (tuong of the capital city) in the style of "tuong van";
Succeeding the system of tone regulations of the Hong Duc time under Le Dynasty in the second half of the 15thcentury and developing music language and theory;
Continuing the traditions of learning, adopting and Vietnamising foreign music elements that were shaped in Vietnamese music in general and in Thang Long Court Music in particular…
The special traits of Hue Court Music is the process of integrating, adopting and modifying Chinese, Champa cultures and Buddhist, Confucian impacts.
Court Music is closely connected with "tuong" (hat boi) art.
Hue Court Music synthetizes itself the abundance and diversity in many aspects including the art-type aspect, the genre aspect, types of instrument and timbre, in repertoires, in kinds of orchestra organization and ensemble forms, the performance environment and melody…
So Hue Court Music could satisfy both the spectators’ audition and vision by its abundance "dishes of different tastes".
The Hue Court Music has large scale and highly professional:
As the official music of the state, it consists of many large scale orchestras, many music and dance items were performed by a big staff of instrumentalists, singers and dancers.
Moreover, this is the music genre that has high degree of improvisation and variation of the melodious scheme.
At the official meeting of the World Heritage Committee (WHC) in Paris, Nha nhac, Vietnamese Court Music, thatHue has preserved so long, was officially listed by UNESCO among masterpieces of the Oral and intangible heritage of humanity on 7th November 2003.
This is the first intangible heritage of Viet Nam ever listed in this list, recognized the achievements of 10-year process of striving, tireless preparation of the central, local governments and the Hue Monuments Conservation Centre.
Shortcut
VIETNAMESE COURT MUSIC PERFORMANCES
Duyet Thi Duong Theatre
Add: Hue Imperial Citadel, Thuan Thanh Ward, Hue City
Tel: (84-54) 3514 989/ 3522 070
Fax: (84-54) 3522 070
Minh Khiem Duong Theatre
Add: King Tu Duc Tomb, Thuong Ba Hamlet, Thuy Xuan Commune, Hue City
Tel: (84-54) 3836 427
Performance time: 02 shifts/day, each shift lasts for 30 minutes
Morning: From 10:00 to 10:30
Afternoon: From 14:30 to 15:00
Ticket price:
Type I: VND120,000/ticket (enjoy art and royal tea)
Type II: VND70,000/ticket (enjoy art and be served drinks)
Tourism services at two theatres:
- Take photos with artists of the theatres.
- Visit the exhibition hall of antiques and pictures about the royal art (musical instruments, costumes, masks...); souvenir stalls selling arts products, paintings, photos, books, tapes, discs about court music, dance, and royal classical opera…
- Enjoy royal tea, lotus tea; Hue types of cakes, jams, traditional tea.
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Thua Thien - Hue
Contact:
Hotels in Thua Thien - Hue
THE SPACE OF GONG CULTURE IN CENTRAL HIGHLANDS (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
The space of gong culture in Central Highlands of Viet Nam covers 5 provinces of Kon Tum, Gia Lai, Dak Lak, Dak Nong and Lam Dong. The masters of gong culture are the ethnic groups of Ba Na, Xo Dang, M’Nong, Co Ho, Ro Mam, E De, Gia Rai… 
The gong performances are always closely tied to community cultural rituals and ceremonies of the ethnic groups in Central Highlands.
The gongs are made of brass alloy or a mixture of brass and gold, silver, bronze.
Their diameter is from 20cm to 60cm or from 90cm to 120cm.
A set of gongs consists of 2 to 12 or 13 units and even to 18 or 20 units in some places.
In most of ethnic groups, namely Gia Rai, Ede Kpah, Ba Na, Xo Dang, Brau, Co Ho, etc., only males are allowed to play gongs. However, in others such as Ma and M’Nong groups, both males and females can play gongs.
Few ethnic groups (for example, E De Bih), gongs are performed by women only.
As for the majority of ethnic groups in Central Highlands, gongs are musical instruments of sacred power.
It is believed that every gong is the settlement of a god who gets more powerful as the gong is older.
In Central Highlands, gongs are often performed in the form of orchestra.
Gong orchestras adopt a natural sound-scale as the foundation for theirs.
Depending on different ethnic groups, a gong orchestra can consist of 3, 5 or 6 primary sounds.
However, as a polyphonic musical instrument, gongs often have some additional sounds apart from their basic ones.
In fact, a six-gong orchestra can produce more or less 12 different sounds.
So, gong sounds are heard resonant and solid.
The space of gong culture in Central Highlands are heritage with temporal and spatial imprints.
Through its categories, sound-amplifying method, sound scale and gamut, tunes and performance art, we will have an insight in a complicated art developing from simple to complexity, from single to multi-channel.
It contains different historical layers of the development of music since the primitive period.
All artistic values have the relationships of similarities and dissimilarities, bringing about their regional identities.
With its diversity and originality, it’s possible to confirm that gongs hold a special status in Viet Nam’s traditional music.
On November 25, 2005 in Paris, France, the space of gong culture in Central Highlands was recognized by UNESCO as an oral-transmitted masterpiece and intangible cultural heritage of the humanity.
Shortcut
Gongs are usually performed on the occasions
Gong Festival: held alternately annually (non-priodical holding) in the Central Highlands provinces of Dak Lak, Dak Nong, Gia Lai, Lam Dong, Kon Tum.
In the festival, the artists from the provinces will present, perform the space of gong culture of their own province.
Elephant Race Festival in Don Village: held in March every odd year in Don Village (Krong Na Commune, Buon Don District, Dak Lak Province).
Central Highlands Spring Festival: lasting January to March every year in the ethnic villages in the Central Highlands
Some places of gong performances in Central Highland:
1. KonKoTu Village – Cultural Village of Ba Na ethnic group (Dak Ro Wa Commune, about 8km from Kon Tum City);
2. Mang Den Ecotourism Site (Dak Long Commune, Kon Plong District, Kon Tum Province);
3. Plei Op Culture – Tourism Village (Hoa Lu Ward, Pleiku City) and To Nung Village (Ya Ma Commune, Kong Chro District) in Gia Lai Province;
4. Buon Don Tourist Centre (Tri A Village, Krong Na Commune, Buon Don District, Dak Lak Province);
5. Jun Village, Lak Lake Tourist Site (Lien Son Town, Lak District, Dak Lak Province);
6. Doi Mong Mo Tourist Area (No.5 Mai Anh Dao St., Ward 8, Da Lat City, Lam Dong Province);
7. Some gong clubs in Lac Duong District, Lam Dong Province:
No.
Name
Address
Contact
Đăng Jrung
Bon Đưng I Quarter
Ki ốt
Bon Đưng I Quarter
Contact:
Tour Operators in Dak Lak
Contact:
Hotels in Dak Lak
CA TRU SINGING (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Ca Tru has many names, depending on each locality, each period of time, it is also called A dao singing, Cua dinh singing, Cua quyen singing, Co dau singing, Nha to singing, Nha tro singing and Ca cong singing.
Ca Tru performing is involved by at least three people: A female singer (called “dao” or “ca nuong”) both singing and playing the phach (which is made of bamboo or wood. It is struck with two hard wooden beaters, one of which is split into two so it creates a different slightly higher pitched sound.). A male instrumentalist (called “kep”) playing the dan day three-stringed lute (which has 3 strings and 10 frets.) . And a person beating the trong chau or “praise drum” (called “quan vien” - a musician from the group of Ca Tru singer and instrumentalist or sometimes is the composer of the lyrics.).
With consensus, voluntary and full understanding of Ca tru singing community, along with action plans, responsibilities, commitments, supports and assistances of authorities at all levels of the state, Ca tru has been safeguarded to ensure its vitality. And with the preeminent features, after four years of waiting, since the Government decided to submit to UNESCO for its consideration, Ca tru singing has been inscribed on the list of Intangible Cultural Heritage in need of Urgent Safeguarding on October 1, 2009 in Abu Dhabi, UAE.
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
Ca Tru Thang Long Club performs Ca tru singing from 20h00 to 21h00 on every Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday at Old House 87 Ma May Street, Hoan Kiem District with items such as Non Nuoc, Gui thu (Sending letter), 36 tunes, Hat ru (Lullaby), Hat noi (recital melody), Ty ba hanh…
Ticket price: USD10 (VND209.000)/turn
Tel: (84) 1223 266 897
Ca Tru Ha Noi Club performs Ca tru singing from 20h00 - 21h00 on every Wednesday, Friday and Sunday at 42Hang Bac Street, Hoan Kiem District.
Ticket price: VND200,000/turn
Tel: (84) 974020400
Some additional information:
- The songs performed by Vietnamese but English quotation throughout the shows
- At the break time, visitors will learn about the history of Ca tru singing, the instruments used in Ca tru performance and also have the opportunity to play the instruments, take photos artisans.
Ca tru UNESCO Centre performs Ca tru singing from 9h30 – 11h00a.m on the first Sunday of the month at Museumof Ethnology Viet Nam (Nguyen Van Huyen St., Cau Giay District).
Free tickets for all visitors
Tel: (84-4) 3756 2193
QUAN HO BAC NINH FOLK SONGS (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Quan ho Bac Ninh is folk songs of the Red River Delta, concentrates mainly in Kinh Bac region (provinces of Bac Ninh and Bac Giang).
This is a kind of art composed by the elements of music, lyric, costume, festival…
Quan ho Bac Ninh folk songs show close-knit relation between male singers (lien anh) and female singers (lien chi) and are typical culture of Kinh Bac region’s people.
Quan ho folk songs passed from generation to generation through oral have the most melodies in Viet Nam’s folk-song genres.
Quan ho folk songs are always performed voluntarily in groups of male (bon nam) or female (bon nu).
Each group usually has four to six people who are named by order such as “Second Sister”, “Third Sister”, “Fourth Sister”, or “Second Brother”, “Third Brother”, “Fourth Brother” and so on.
If the size of a group reaches seven or eight people, then they are divided into “older siblings” and “younger siblings” named as the “Third Older Sister”, “Third Younger Sister” or “Third Older Brother”, “Third Younger Brother”...
Quan ho folk songs are alternating response songs between the groups of male and female.
A group of female from one village sings with a group of male from another village with similar melodies, but different lyrics, and always with alternating tunes.
In each group, one person sings the leading tune and another sings a secondary part, but the two should be in perfect harmony at the same timbre.
Quan ho folk songs have 213 different melody variations and more than 400 song lyrics.
A song lyric includes two parts: the principal text is the core of the song, containing its base lyrics.
The lyrics of Quan ho folk songs derived from poems and folk verses of the Viet Nam, mostly 6 syllable and 8 syllable verses, modified 6 syllable and 8 syllable verses, 4 syllable or mixed 4 syllable verses express people’s emotional states in metaphorical language.
The secondary text includes words that are added to the melodies, such as i hi, u hu, a ha...
Quan ho folk songs exist in a cultural environment with their own social customs.
The first is friendship custom among Quan ho villages.
From the friendship custom, a special social custom appears among Quan ho groups. It’s friend-making custom.
Each Quan ho group from one village makes friends with another group from another village following the principle that male groups make friends with female groups and vice versa.
With the friendship-partner villages, men and women in Quan ho groups from these villages are not allowed to marry each other.
One particular characteristic of Quan ho singing is the teaching and dissemination through “sleepover” custom.
Boys and girls from 9 to 16 or 17 years old, invite each other to sleep over in their host’s house to learn Quan ho singing techniques.
Male and female singers combine and practice their voices in pairs in order to have a unified timbre for performance.
Quan ho gastronomy uses phoenix wing-shaped quid of betel and areca, Thai Nguyen tea.
In meal, it must use red tray (mam son) which is made of timber and painted red to express host’s emotion to visitors.
Dishes in the meal depend on each village’s custom but must include a plate of chicken, two plates of lean pork paste, lean pork; especially no fat dishes to avoid damaging voice.
In performance, the outfits of Quan ho are distinctive.
The female costume includes non thung quai thao (the large round Quan ho hat) and scarf for wrapping the hair, camisole, tunic, skirt, scarves tied about the waist and slippers.
The male costume includes turban, umbrella, shirt or robe including undershirts and long tunics with five pieces, trousers and slippers.
At 16h55 on September 30, 2009 in Abu Dhabi Capital of United Arab Emirates, UNESCO recognized Quan ho Bac Ninh folk songs as intangible cultural heritage of humanity for its cultural value, social custom preservation, performing arts, style of contact, lyric and costume.
The recognized region includes 49 traditional Quan ho villages. 44 of these villages now lie in Bac Ninh Province: Bai Uyen, Due Dong, Ha Giang, Hoai Thi, Hoai Trung, Lung Giang, Lung Son, Ngang Noi, Van Kham, Tam Son, Tieu, Dong Mai, Dong Yen, Bo Son, Cham Khe, Co Me, Duong O, Dau Han, Dieu Thon, Dong Xa, Do Xa, Hoa Dinh, Huu Chap, Kha Le, Khuc Toai, Nem Doai, Nem Son, Nem Tien, Niem Xa, Phuc Son, Thanh Son, Thi Chung, Thi Cau, Tho Ninh, Thuong Dong, Tra Xuyen, Ve An, Viem Xa, Xuan Ai, Xuan Dong, Xuân O, Xuan Vien, Y Na, Yen Man. The remaining 5 traditional villages are located in Bac Giang Province: Gia Son, Huu Nghi, Noi Ninh, Mai Vu, and Sen Ho.
Shortcut
Contact:
Tour Operators in Bac Ninh
Contact:
Hotels in Bac Ninh
GIONG FESTIVAL AT PHU DONG AND SOC TEMPLES (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
The Giong Festival is a traditional festival in commemoration and praise of the mythical hero Saint Giong, one of four immortals of Vietnamese folk beliefs.
The festival vividly imitates the evolution of fights of Saint Giong and Van Lang people under the 6th King Hung reign in combating against the foreign enemies, thereby raising the public awareness about the forms of ancient tribe war and educating the patriotism, martial art traditions, indomitable will, and independence and freedom desire of the nation.
The Giong Festival is held in many locations throughout the northern part of Viet Nam, however the most typical ones are the Giong Festival at Phu Dong and Soc temples (Ha Noi).
Giong Festival at Soc Temple (Phu Linh Commune, Soc Son District, Ha Noi) is held annually from the sixth to the eighth days of the first lunar month.
According to the legend, after defeating the foreign invaders, Soc Mountain in Phu Linh is the last stopover of the saint before flying to heaven.
To prepare for the festival, at the fifth day night, people from eight villages of six communes in Soc Son District have carefully prepared offerings to the saint. On the sixth day - the opening festival day - villagers and pilgrims make incense offering to the Saint Giong Monument on Mount Da Chong.
On the main festival day, the seventh day which was the saint’s ascending to heaven day according to the legend, there is a procession of bamboo flowers to the Thuong Temple as offerings to the saint.
During the festival, there are other traditional games such as Chinese chess, human chess, cock fighting... and art performances of villagers as traditional opera (cheo), love duet (quan ho).
The Giong Festival at the Phu Dong Temple is held annually from the sixth to the twelfth days of the fourth lunar month in the village of Saint Giong’s birth in Phu Dong Commune, Gia Lam District, Ha Noi.
From the sixth to eighth days, there are ceremonies of carrying flags to Mau (Mother) Temple where is dedicated to the Saint Giong’s mother and carrying offerings of boiled rice and salted egg-plants to Thuong (Upper) Temple where is dedicated to the Saint Giong.
The main day of the festival is the ninth of the fourth lunar month. On this day flags are carried from the Mau Temple to the Thuong Temple to sacrifice to the saint.
On the tenth day, there are ceremonies of inspecting battlefield and giving offerings to the Saint Giong.
On the eleventh day, the ceremony of cleaning and washing weapons with holy water takes place.
On the twelfth day, a flag procession goes to announce the victorious news to heaven and earth.
The Giong Festival of Phu Dong and Soc temples recognized as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity.
Global outstanding value of the Giong Festival is represented as a cultural phenomenon which is preserved and handed down constantly and integrally over many generations.
The festival also serves as a community link and contains many creative ideas, expressing the desire for national peace and family prosperity.
The Giong Festival of Phu Dong and Soc temples has officially been recognized as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity by the UNESCO since November 2010.
UNESCO has shortly and fully recorded of the Giong Festival as "a Viet Nam culture museum that keeps many alluvial layers of culture and beliefs."
XOAN SINGING IN PHU THO PROVINCE (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
Xoan singing or hat cua dinh (singing at the communal house) is a kind of performing art relating to worshipping gods.
In the past, Van Lang people held Xoan singing performance in the spring to welcome the new year.
There are three forms of Xoan singing as the worship singing to commemorate Hung Kings and village guardian gods; the ritual singing to pray for good crops, good health; and the festive singing – a form of love duet.
Xoan singing has existed for more than 2,000 years since Hung Kings dynasty.
So all old Xoan songs originated from ancient villages in the center of Van Lang nation (now Phu Tho Province), after spread out the villages in the two banks of Lo and Hong rivers.
Four old Xoan guilds are An Thai, Phu Duc, Kim Doi and Thet in two communes of Kim Duc and Phuong Lau (Viet Tri City, Phu Tho Province).
On November 24th 2011, at the 6th meeting of the Inter-governmental Committee for the Conservation of Intangible Cultural Heritage of UNESCO held in Bali, Indonesia, Xoan singing in Phu Tho was officially recognized by UNESCO as an Intangible Cultural Heritage in need of urgent safeguarding.
Xoan singing is usually performed on the occasions
In the spring: One after another the Xoan guilds of Phu Tho Province begin the sping round of pleasures at communal houses and temples since the first day of the New Year.
In the morning of Lunar New Year's days, the Xoan guild of which village sings in that village, in the evening, all Xoan guilds come together to sing in turn at the communal houses and temples as follows:
on the first day of the Lunar New Year, singing at the Ca Communal House and Cam Temple in An Thai Village (Phuong Lau Commune, Viet Tri City);
on the second day, singing at Doi Communal House in Kim Doi Village;
on the third day, singing at Lai Len Temple in Phu Duc Village;
on the fourth day, singing at Thet Communal House in Thet Village (Kim Duc Commune, Viet Tri City).
On the fifth day, often singing at the Hung Temple (Hy Cuong Commune, Viet Tri City), the singing time is prescribed at a determined singing place, each guildchooses a location.
Hung Kings Temple Festival in Phu Tho Province: usually held from the 5th to the 10th days of the third lunar month.
On the ancestor's death anniversary, as well as on the main festive day (on the tenth of the third lunar month)the ritual of worship singing (or Xoan singing) will be carried out.
This is a very important and unique ritual.
In addition,during the festival, programs of Xoan singing of ancient villages are always organized for pilgrims to the ancestor land.
WORSHIP OF HUNG KINGS IN PHU THO PROVINCE (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
The worship of Hung Kings originates from Hung Kings dynasty in the belief that all Vietnamese people have the same origin “Dragon’s children and Fairy’s grand-children”;
and also expresses Vietnamese philosophy “When drinking water, remember the source” and the spirit of great national unity.
According to legend, Lac Long Quan – son of Kinh Duong Vuong Loc Tuc got married with Au Co – daughter of King De Lai and gave birth to 100 sons.
After that, 50 sons followed Au Co and 50 others followed Lac Long Quan to settle.
The first son followed his mother to arrived in Phong Chau Land (now Phu Tho Province) and established Van Lang Nation and became King Hung.
Van Lang was the first nation in Vietnamese history and ruled by 18 kings.
Hung Kings taught local people to grow rice and selected Nghia Linh Mountain, the highest mountain in the region to perform the religious rituals of the agricultural population as worship of rice god and sun god for the good weather, good crops.
To remember the great merit of Hung Kings, the people set up the temple (Hung Kings Temple Relic Site) at the center of Nghia Linh Mountain and chose the 10th day of the third lunar month as Ancestral Anniversary day.
From this first temple, the worship of Hung Kings has gradually spread and reaches a national level, and now it is practiced at temples in Northern, Central and Southern and also by Vietnamese overseas.
According to historical documents, the worship of Hung Kings has strongly developed for a long time before officially honored in Le Dynasty (1428 – 1788).
It was acknowledged by the imperial dynasties of the Le (1428–1788), Tay Son (1778–1802), and Nguyen (1802–1945) by means of codified legends, royal conferment, and provision of lands to support the worship.
Today the Government allocates a substantial budget to safeguard, restore and maintain the spaces of the worship of Hung Kings, especially at Hung Kings Temple Relic Site, and supports the efforts of local people with a role in the Hung Kings Ancestral Anniversary, publishing items (books and DVDs) on legends, rituals and the folk arts related to the worship to serve communities. There are also initiatives to include Hung Kings legend materials in the school curriculum in order transmit the tradition to future generations. The Government also approved a public holiday on the 10th day of the third lunar month so that people nationwide participate and organize sacrificial activities.
The total number of Hung Kings temples nationwide is 1,417.
The worship of Hung Kings has diversified forms, typically Hung Kings are jointly worshiped with many other characters as princesses Tien Dung, Ngoc Hoa; Saint Tan Vien; Trung Trac and Trung Nhi… in the temples in Phu Tho Province.
The joint worship forms with Long Hai Dai Vuong, Phu Dong Thien Vuong, Mai An Tiem, Chu Dong Tu… also develop in Ha Noi, Thai Binh, Hai Duong, Thanh Hoa… 
In many localities, Hung Kings are also joint-worshiped at family’s altar.
Every year, on the 10th day of the third lunar month, Ancestral Anniversary day is held at Hung Kings temples nationwide, of which biggest one takes place in Hung Kings Temple Relic Site.
In Phu Tho Province, each village selects a Festival Organizing Board (Ban Khanh Tiet) of 6-9 mature, knowledgeable individuals of good conducts who lead and manage the rituals.
The Board appoints suitably expert temple guardians to tend worship sites, instruct devotees and offer incense to Hung Kings year round.
With unique and distinct values, on 6 December 2012, in Paris (France), UNESCO officially recognized the worship of Hung Kings in Phu Tho Province as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
This is the first belief in Viet Nam recognized as world heritage.
The recognized-space includes 109 villages in Phu Tho Town, Viet Tri City and districts of Cam Khe, Doan Hung, Ha Hoa, Lam Thao, Phu Ninh, Tam Nong, Thanh Ba, Thanh Son, Thanh Thuy and Yen Lap (Phu Tho Province).
ATTRACTIONS
- National Father Lac Long Quan Temple
- National Mother Au Co Temple
- Hung Kings Temple
- Hung Vuong Museum
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
- Electric car services:
- Station No.1 to the Hung Kings Temple: VND15,000/person
- Hung Kings Temple to the National Father Lac Long Quan Temple: VND35,000/person
- Hung Kings Temple to the National Mother Au Co Temple: VND35,000/person
- Visiting all the complex: VND100,000/person
- Accommodation: Mai An Tiem Guesthouse (about VND350,000 for a double-room).
Hung Kings Temple Tourism Service Center
Address: Hung Kings Temple Relic Complex
Tel: (84-210) 3860 133/3860 878/3970 933/3970 969;
Fax: (84-210) 3970 968;
Email: dulichdenhung@gmail.com
Website: http://denhung.org.vn
ART OF DON CA TAI TU MUSIC AND SONG IN THE SOUTH OF VIET NAM (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Art of Don ca tai tu music and song in the South of Viet Nam (hereinafter referred to as Don ca tai tu) is a musical art that has both scholarly and folk roots. It developed in the South of Viet Nam in the late nineteenth century.
Don ca tai tu resonates with the lifestyle of the Southern people who work on the land and rivers of the delta region.
It reflects their inner feelings and emotions, industriousness, generosity and courage.
Characteristics
Don ca tai tu has been influenced by some other forms of cultural heritage from the Central and South of Viet Nam such as ceremonial music (nhac le), classical theatre and folk song (hat boi).
The repertoire of Don ca tai tu is based on 20 principal songs (bai to) and 72 classical songs (bai nhac co). These songs consist of skeletal melodies which are used as the basis for improvisation and variation.
Instruments for Don ca tai tu performance include the moon-shaped lute (kim), two-stringed fiddle (co), 16-string zither (tranh), pear-shaped lute (ty ba), percussion (song lang), monochord (bau) and bamboo flute (sao).
The violin and guitar are adapted. The guitar used by Don ca tai tu artists has a deep, hollowed-out finger board, enabling musicians to play special ornamentation characteristic of Don ca tai tu.
Don ca tai tu practitioners include master instrumentalists (thay don), who are highly skillful at playing and teaching numerous instruments and who have mastered all of the classical repertoire; master lyricists (thay tuong), who are knowledgeable and experienced at composing new song texts; master singers (thay ca), who have mastered the classical repertoire and who can perform and teach the distinctive Don ca tai tu vocal techniques and ornamentation.
There are also regular instrumentalists (danh cam) and singers (danh ca).
Don ca tai tu is performed within hereditary musical families and by music ensembles and clubs.
The audience can join practicing, making comments or creating new song texts.
Don ca tai tu is passed between generations through two methods:
The traditional method of oral transmission as truyen ngon, truyen khau, which literally means “transmitting through the fingers and through the mouth”. For this traditional method, the master instrumentalists and singers directly teach learners who are members of ensembles, clubs or families. The second method combines traditional oral methods of transmission with a syllabus in many of the national and provincial schools of art and culture.
Instrumentalists must study for at least three years in order to learn basic instrumental techniques, such as tremolo, glissando, trills, vibrato...
They learn to perform solo or with other musicians in duets, trios, quartets, quintets or sextets. Vocal learners, performing either solo or in a duet, study the traditional songs.
The people in Southern of Viet Nam consider Don ca tai tu as an indispensible spiritual cultural activity in festivals, death anniversary rituals and celebratory social events like weddings and birthdays... The Death Anniversary of the Ancestors held annually on the twelfth day of the eighth lunar month.
Outstanding values
Originated in diversified cultural tradition of the Central and Southern regions of Viet Nam, Don ca tai tu is always an important element in social and cultural life of Vietnamese people.
Don ca tai tu is a cultural heritage value that mixes the influences of court music and popular music, and has been influenced cultural exchanges with Chinese, Khmer and Western populations.
The performance of Don ca tai tu also helps the community preserve other cultural practices and customs that are associated with festivals, oral culture, and handicrafts.
Nowadays, Don ca tai tu is not only a cultural activity of the community, it also makes a contribution to sustainable tourism in the local area.
Clubs of Don ca tai tu
According to the inventory implemented in 2011, Don ca tai tu is practiced in more than 2,500 clubs, groups and families in 21 provinces and cities in the South of Viet Nam including An Giang, Ba Ria - Vung Tau, Bac Lieu, Ben Tre, Binh Dương, Binh Phuoc, Binh Thuan, Ca Mau, Can Tho, Dong Nai, Dong Thap, Hau Giang, Ho Chi Minh City, Kien Giang, Long An, Ninh Thuan, Soc Trang, Tay Ninh, Tien Giang, Tra Vinh and Vinh Long.
On 5 December 2013, at the 8th session of the Intergovernmental Committee for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage held in Baku City (Azerbaijan), UNESCO recognized officially Don ca tai tu as Intangible CulturalHeritage of Humanity.
VI AND GIAM FOLK SONGS OF NGHE TINH (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Vi and Giam folk songs of Nghe Tinh occupy an important position in the cultural and spiritual life of people of Nghe An and Ha Tinh provinces (abbreviated as Nghe Tinh).
This is a type of art that has long lasting life, imbued character and manner of Nghe Tinh people and is the precious heritage in Vietnamese cultural treasure.
Characteristics of Vi and Giam Folk Songs of Nghe Tinh
Originated from two Nghe Tinh folk forms of Vi singing and Giam singing, Vi and Giam folk songs are practiced in almost daily activities of local people such as lulling children to sleep, cultivating rice in the fields, rowing boats, making conical hats…
Vi songs are named according to different performing contexts, such as ‘rice-seedling transplanting Vi’, ‘conical-hat making Vi”, or ‘weaving Vi’.
Vi is performed in three styles: non-alternating, alternating and ‘organized group’ singing.
There are various types of Giam songs known as ‘lullaby Giam’, ‘narrative Giam’, ‘advice Giam’.
Vi and Giam lyrics use the specific dialect and linguistic idioms of the Nghe Tinh region and practitioners sing with the particular singing voice of Nghe Tinh people.
Outstanding values of Vi and Giam Folk Songs of Nghe Tinh
Vi and Giam folk songs are strongly attached to lifestyles and customs of Nghe Tinh people. They have a powerful vitality in contemporary life and have long been handed down, transmitted, preserved and promoted.
Vi and Giam folk songs are an artistic medium for expressing the ideas and spirit of the Nghe Tinh people at the same reflecting truthfully changes in social life.
Besides, Vi and Giam folk songs also contribute to educating traditional moral values including respect for parents, loyalty, care and devotion, call upon the people to oppose oppression and injustice.
Joining in Vi and Giam folk singing is the opportunity to strengthen community coherence.
Vi and Giam folk singing is the open space for everyone, regardless of their age, occupation and religion.
Performances are undertaken to ensure equality and mutual respect among communities, groups and individuals and contribute to sustainable development of society.
Vi and Giam folk songs are also the source of inspiration for many contemporary composers and have provided musical motifs for numerous well-known popular songs and operatic works that are well liked by the public.
Practicing Vi and Giam Folk Songs of Nghe Tinh
Vi and Giam folk songs are practiced widely in Vietnamese community in Nghe An and Ha Tinh provinces.
According to an inventory undertaken by Viet Nam Institute of Culture and Arts Studies in 2013, now there are 75 Vi and Giam folk song groups with about 1,500 members, of which includes 803 master practitioners in 260 villages (168 villages in Nghe An Province and 92 villages in Ha Tinh Province).
With unique and outstanding values, on 27 November 2014, in the 9th session of Intergovernmental Committee for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of UNESCO in Paris (France), Vi and Giam folk songs of Nghe Tinh was officially recognized as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
TUGGING RITUALS AND GAMES (INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Tugging is a longstanding and popular form of community activity in rice farming cultures in East Asia and Southeast Asia, typically the Republic of Korea, Cambodia, Philippines and Viet Nam.
Characteristics
Tugging is a social ritual with the purpose of wishing for rainfall required for agriculture and bountiful harvests or fortune-telling with regards to the success or failure of farming efforts.
It is believed that practicing and obeying to the rules of tugging ritual will help abundant harvests, prosperity and happiness.
So, not only as a common folk game, tugging also contains deep culture values expressing through own customs and beliefs of each country.
In Viet Nam, tugging rituals and games are concentrated mostly in the Northern Midlands, the Red River Delta, and the North Central, which are the ancient land of the Viet and the cradle of the native wet rice culture.
In addition, they are regularly practiced by ethnic groups in the Northern Mountains, such as Tay, Thai, and Giay.
Held as a part of the spring festivals, marking the beginning of a new agricultural cycle and expressing wishes for bumper crops, Tugging rituals and games generally entail the participation of almost all members in the community, each member plays distinct role such as practitioners, guiders, observers, transmitters, supporters, etc.
Of which, the elders, especially ritual specialists, always play significant roles delegating duties, guiding the rules of the tugging games, and play the key role in other related rites.
Tugging rituals and games are often organized in front of a village’s communal house.
The materials used in tugging vary from region to region; they can be made of bamboo poles, rattan cords, or hemp, reflecting the ecological and cultural context of each community.
Each tugging game has the participants of two teams with equal number of members.
The two teams will hold tightly two ends of a rope marked by a red ribbon in the middle.
When tugging game begins, the members of each team will try to pull the rope. The winning team must pull the red-ribbon mark on its side.
In tugging rituals and games, the selection procedures for the tugging rope and contenders follow particular ritual rules and local customs.
The winning team and the losing team are often arranged by custom to express certain religious meanings and the harmony of nature.
For example, the tugging rituals and games of the Tay and Giay allow the teams to be a mix of genders, and efforts are made to ensure that the women’s team wins on even-numbered years, which symbolizes reproduction and fertility.
Outstanding values
As a favourite folk game, tugging is promoted widely in contemporary life. It is appealing to people of all ages and strata because it is easy to play.
Although it has a competitive component, but winning or losing is not as important as unity, joy, and community harmony.
Beliefs and rituals are the core values of tugging expressed through rules of selection procedures for the tugging rope and contenders as well as conventions.
Thereby, the tugging bears the traces of agricultural rituals, symbolizing the strength of natural forces such as sun and rain.
In each country, tugging rituals and games have significant differences in their scale, complexity and historical background.
In Viet Nam, tugging reflects agricultural identity through symbolic acts.
In some localities, it is also closely linked to the stories of defied heroes who had contributions in fighting invaders and defending people’s prosperous life.
Tugging is mostly transmitted orally and through hands-on experience.
The elderly guide the ritual and symbolic aspects for younger generations. The tugging skills and techniques are transmitted from generation to generation with a sense of pride and responsibility.
Practicing tugging rituals and games
In Viet Nam, the representative communities for practicing tugging rituals and games include the Kinh people in Huong Canh Town (Binh Xuyen District, Vinh Phuc Province), Huu Chap Village (Hoa Long Commune, Bac Ninh City, Bac Ninh Province), Thach Ban Ward (Long Bien District, Ha Noi City), Xuan Lai Hamlet (Xuan Thu Commune, Soc Son District, Ha Noi City);
Tay people in Trung Do Hamlet (Bao Nhai Commune, Bac Ha District),
Giay people in Ta Van Giay Hamlet (Ta Van Commune, Sa Pa District)
Thai people in Ban Ngoang Hamlet (Tham Duong Commune, Van Ban District) of Lao Cai Province.
On 2 December 2015, at the 10th session of the Intergovernmental Committee for Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of UNESCO held in Windhoek City, Republic of Namibia, Tugging rituals and games in Cambodia, the Republic of Korea, the Philippines, and Viet Nam have been officially recognized as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
BUDDHIST SUTRA WOODBLOCKS OF TRUC LAM ZEN AT VINH NGHIEM PAGODA (WORLD DOCUMENTARY HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Buddhist Sutra Woodblocks at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda (Tri Yen Commune, Yen Dung District, Bac Giang Province) is the only original woodblocks of Truc Lam Zen Buddhism preserved at the pagoda.
Since founding Truc Lam Zen Buddhism (the late 13th century), King Tran Nhan Tong (1258-1308) had some important texts, sutras edited, engraved, and published to popular ideology of Buddhism in general and master monks of Truc Lam Zen Buddhism in particular.
However, most of the woodblocks were destroyed or lost due to war and weather.
In the late 19th and the early 20th century, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda was chosen to be one of the training centers of Vietnamese Buddhism Association where store records of Buddhist monks and nuns nationwide and major publishing house of Vietnamese Buddhism.
The collection of woodblocks engraved in this period includes 3,050 woodblocks, most of which are Buddhist texts, sutras, writings of three Vietnamese master monks (Dieu Ngu Giac Hoang Tran Nhan Tong (1258 – 1308), Phap Loa Dong Kien Cuong (1284 – 1330), Huyen Quang Ly Dao Tai (1254 – 1334)) and some other master monks of Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen Buddhism.
Besides, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda also has some woodblocks to print so, diep, a kind of document is only available in Truc Lam Zen Buddhism.
Especially, the pagoda stores some wood texts about treatment by medicinal herbs, acupuncture…
The woodblocks at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda were made by artisans of the craft villages in Bac Giang, Bac Ninh provinces and especially Lieu Trang Craft Village (Hai Duong Province) – where specializes in engraving woodblocks.
All woodblocks are made of thi wood.
The majority of the blocks feature printing on both sides and have been engraved with Chinese and Nom (a classical vernacular script of Vietnamese language) characters in a mirror like fashion. Depth of the engravings is approximately 1 - 1.5 mm, so prints on do paper are very clear.
And every page in a book printed this way has a bien lan (border), a ban tam (title in the centerfold), and ngu vi (blank corners).
Especially, the first or the last page of the book contains lac khoan, which is a means of showing the date, artisan, and place of origin.
The size of the woodblock depends on the categories of the sutras.
The biggest woodblock is over 100cm in length and 40-50cm in width. The smallest one is only 15 x 20cm.
The woodblocks at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda show the formation, development and ideology of Truc Lam Zen Buddhism, at the same time also mark the development of Nom writing system through the periods.
This is also an excellent work of art with unique, original and irreplaceable features.
Through this collection of woodblocks, readers can exploit plentiful information about many fields as religion, language, literature, medicine, art…
On 16th May 2012, at the meeting of Asia Pacific Regional Committee of UNESCO held in Bangkok (Thailand), Buddhist Sutra Woodblocks of Truc Lam Zen at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda was recognized as World Documentary Heritage in Memory of the World Programme, based on three criteria as authenticity; uniqueness, irreplaceability; and its position and role in the region.
WOODBLOCKS OF NGUYEN DYNASTY (WORLD DOCUMENTARY HERITAGE)
Under the Nguyen Dynasty, due to the need to popularize social standards, compulsory articles of law, Kings’ and Lords’ life and career and historical events...
the Imperial Court allowed to carve many sets of history books and literature work for delivering.
During the past activities, it helped to form a special type of record, which are the woodblocks.
These are the unique original records.
The Woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty was assessed in the heritage records as follows:
The 34,555 plates of wood-blocks of the Nguyen Dynasty (1802-1945) helped to record official literature and history as well as classic and historical books.
Their value is at once documentary and artistic.
Their technique furthermore represents a landmark in the development of woodblock carving and printing in Viet Nam.
Their importance and high value led feudal dynasties and state authorities to pay considerable attention to preserving these records through the ages.
The woodblock is a plate of wood on which words written in Chinese or Chinese transcribed Vietnamese were carved in reverse as a popular method of printing books in the Nguyen Dynasty.
At present, 34,555 plates of woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty are being preserved in the National Archive Center 4 - under the State Records and Archives Department of Viet Nam (at No.2 Yet Kieu Str., Da Lat City).
The Woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty were created primarily during the past activities of the Historiographer's Office of Nguyen Dynasty (established in 1820 under the Minh Mang reign) in Hue.
Apart from the woodblocks of official literature and history of Nguyen Dynasty, woodblocks also included classic and historical books which were collected from the Temple of Literature of Imperial College (Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam) in Hanoi and transferred to Imperial College (Quoc Tu Giam) in Hue under the reigns of Minh Mang and Thieu Tri.
Since 1960, the Woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty have been transferred to Da Lat.
The woodblocks represent an important part of the country’s feudal history. They are original with clear origin from its creation. Most of them were compiled by the Court on the basis of official documents, which were carefully verified and were managed by state bodies through different historical periods.
Due to such significant characteristics, woodblocks were considered as national treasure in feudal period, which could only be accessed by authorized people and people in Historiography's Office.
Regarding method of making the records, this is a close procedure costing a lot of time and effort: Firstly, the King launched a royal decree to allow to compile book.
Then the Historiographer's Office was responsible in researching, editing, carving and printing those kinds of books.
It researched old books and Imperial records to compile books. The completed manuscript was submitted to the King.
Then this manuscript was sent back to the Office and they corrected as the King’s suggestions.
After that, this manuscript was written down clearly and submitted with a petition to the King.
After being approved, the manuscripts of the works were carved on woodblocks under the close control of the mandarins who were appointed by the king's edict.
Then, woodblocks were used to print into books.
People could only carve books under the Kings’ order.
To manipulate the records, the Historiographer's Office had to recruit many skilled carvers.
The carvers selected from widely in localities across the country where is famous for wood carving, and the carving techniques were entirely manual.
The words were carved on wood as contained all the enthusiasm of each worker.
Each character engraved on the wood is very delicate and sharp.
Each record is not only precious material but also a unique work of art. Therefore, apart from historical value, the woodblocks also have artistic values and values in manipulating technique, marking the development of woodblocks carving and printing profession in Viet Nam.
According to some documents, most of the wood blocks are made of thi tree wood and the nha dong tree, which is both soft and smooth with an ivory colour. These kinds of wood are especially good for preserving the shape of the carvings.
Therefore, even gone through hundreds of years the woodblocks have been still in good physical condition.
In addition, le and tao trees are also used for carving woodblocks.
The collection boasts many valuable and rare wood blocks, including Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi (History of the Unification of Great Viet Nam) and Dai Nam Thuc Luc (Royal Annals of Great Viet Nam), Kham dinh Viet su thong giam cuong muc, Kham dinh Dai Nam hoi dien su le...
They also include poems and literature works written by prominent kings like Minh Mang, Thieu Tri and Tu
Nowadays, woodblocks on the field of official literature and history of feudal dynasties like this kind of the documents are specially valuable and rare records of Viet Nam and also quite rare in the world.
These records formed during the past activities of the Emperor and bodies under the feudal machinery of administration in Nguyen Dynasty.
Woodblocks are sources of reliable history to help to study, compare, review relevant history materials to serve better for researching in the fields of Vietnamese history.
On 30th July 2009, the woodblocks of the Nguyen Dynasty have been recognized as a World Documentary Heritage at the meeting of the International Advisory Committee (IAC) of the UNESCO in Bridgetown (Barbados), from the 29th to the 31st of July 2009.
They became the first entry of Viet Nam in the list of UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme.
The Woodblocks of Nguyen Dynasty are particularly rare documents in Viet Nam as well as in the world.
STONE STELE RECORDS OF ROYAL EXAMINATIONS OF THE LE AND MAC DYNASTIES (WORLD DOCUMENTARY HERITAGE)
Stone steles in Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam include 82 steles which record the royal examinations of Le and Mac dynasties (1442-1779).
All steles are put on stone tortoises’ back to represent everlasting national quintessence and reflect historical and cultural values of Viet Nam through 300 years.
In 1484, King Le Thanh Tong gave an order to erect the first 10 steles for the royal examinations held in 1442, 1448, 1463, 1466, 1469, 1472, 1475, 1478, 1481 and 1484 under Le So Dynasty.
However, now only 7 steles remain.
In next years, Le So Dynasty had 5 steles erected for the royal examinations held in 1487, 1496, 1502, 1511 and 1514.
Under Mac Dynasty, only 2 steles were erected for the royal examinations held in 1518 (under Le So Dynasty) and 1529 because of civil war.
Under Le Trung Hung Dynasty, the royal examinations were restored and hold regularly. In 1653, Le Trung Hung Dynasty had the most number of steles erected in Temple of Literature with 25 steles for the royal examinations held between 1554 and 1652.
Then in 1717, 21 steles were erected for the royal examinations held between 1656 and 1712.
With two large courses of stele erection and next regular stele erections, Le Trung Hung Dynasty had most steles erected in Temple of Literature (68/82).
Under Tay Son (1788 - 1802) and Nguyen (1802 - 1945) dynasties, capital city was removed to Phu Xuan – Hue and steles were not erected in Van Mieu (Ha Noi) any more.
Nguyen Dynasty gave an order to erect steles in Van Mieu (Hue) from the royal examination held in 1822.
All the 82 steles are of the same model: the slab is flat with an arched pediment and tortoise-shaped base; the tortoise is rather big and looks strong; the steles are of different sizes.
The steles are also unique in terms of their construction: stone was carefully selected, designed, decorated, and engraved with texts.
This work must have required extraordinary patience and skill as it was done entirely by hand.
The 82 steles in Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam are unique ones in the world which have inscriptions. Their inscriptions record not only the names of the laureates of royal examinations held through nearly 300 years (1442 – 1779) but also information on history of the royal examinations; the successive dynasties’ conceptions of education, training and employing talent and their philosophy of state governance. Therefore the steles had a great social impact on education and training of talented citizens, encouraged contemporary people and people of the following generations in education.
The inscriptions also contain such details as the date of the stele’s erection and the names and official posts of the inscription compilers, revisers, calligraphers, and engravers.
It affirms that the steles are original, authentic and unique.
Each stele is a true work of art as they are the results of master mind and hands of the best scholars, engravers and calligraphers over times.
They are of great significance to the study of ancient documents in Chinese as the texts were written in Chinese characters, but read in Vietnamese way of pronunciation, so they can serve as references for those who study the former Vietnamese languages.
Furthermore, these steles furnish valuable information about Vietnamese emissaries that would contribute to the study of diplomatic relations between Viet Nam and other Northeast Asian countries.
Among the 1304 doctoral laureates whose names are recorded on the steles, 225 were once assigned diplomatic missions to China under Ming and Qing dynasties.
Using the steles as reliable documents, Vietnamese and foreign scholars can study the history, education and culture of Viet Nam in the past, and young generations can absorb the traditions and values left by their ancestors.
Moreover, each stele is itself a vivid work of art with various designs: flowers, leaves, clouds, the moon; or the dragon, holy lion, tortoise and phoenix.
Steles of each historic period are distinct from those of other periods. Distinctive features such as designs, decorative patterns, tortoise-shaped bases, and the type of Chinese characters used for their inscriptions preserve the steles’ originality and prevent attempts to produce replicas.
Many art researchers consider the steles as important documents to study Vietnamese history of art and sculpture from the 15th to the 18th centuries.
At present, the 82 steles in Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam are still unique ones preserved constantly on the spot since they were erected.
The inscriptions on all the steles are, in general, readable.
The irreplaceability and rarity lie in the content of the steles, the mode and condition of their establishment, their historical and artistic value, and their social impact. They are lively evidence of the intellect, aptitude and dexterity of the Vietnamese people.
On March 9, 2010 in Macau, China, the Asia-Pacific Regional Committee of Memory of the World recognized 82 steles which record the royal examinations of Le and Mac dynasties in Van Mieu – Quoc Tu Giam as world documentary heritage in the Memory of the World Program of UNESCO.
IMPERIAL RECORDS OF NGUYEN DYNASTY (WORLD DOCUMENTARY HERITAGE)
(TITC) - Imperial records are documents approved in red ink by kings.
Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are administrative records created during the transaction of state management activities of Nguyen Dynasty (1802 – 1945), the last feudal dynasty in Viet Nam, including records of grass-root and central administrative organizations submitted to the kings for approval, records created by the kings, diplomatic notes and literature works composed by royal family.
The whole collection of Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records has 773 volumes, which is equivalent to about 85,000 documents of 11 Nguyen Dynasty’s kings (Gia Long, Minh Mang, Thieu Tri, Tu Duc, Kien Phuc, Ham Nghi, Dong Khanh, Thanh Thai, Duy Tan, Khai Dinh and Bao Dai).
Imperial records of the Nguyen Dynasty are in various types of documents, including royal proclamation, edicts, decrees, petition, reports, replies, comment papers… which were created under strict regulations regarding their function and authority of issuance.
Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are basically handwriting on do (poonah) paper, reflects all aspects of social life, historical changes, domestic and foreign policies on politics, economy, diplomatic relation, military, culture, social affairs, religion and so on in Viet Nam in 19th century and early half of 20th century.
Outstanding values of Imperial records of Nguyen Dynasty
Authenticity
Events documented in Imperial records had high authenticity because they were information used in practical management of the society and were received and processed directly by the kings under Nguyen Dynasty.
Nguyen Dynasty defined strictly format of Imperial records. Together with evidence remaining on records such as the kings’ handwriting, seals…, it made imperial records very difficult to fake. Imperial records were used as a historical source to compile books.
Therefore, its authenticity can be double checked by comparing its information with books officially compiled in Nguyen dynasty, such as Dai Nam thuc luc chinh bien (Royal Annals of Dai Nam), Dai Nam nhat thong chi (Dai Nam Comprehensive Encyclopedia), Dai Nam liet truyen (Dai Nam Biographies), Kham dinh Dai Nam hoi dien su le (Royal rules and regulations), Quoc trieu chinh bien toat yeu (Brief History of Nguyen Dynasty)…
World significance
Imperial records have comments written directly by the Nguyen Dynasty’s kings in red ink and in 4 types of scripts, including Chinese, Nom (Chinese-chino transcribed Vietnamese), French and Vietnamese.
Imperial records were handwritten with a brush and drafted by clerks who were examined and recruited for their literature talents and beautiful handwriting.
The system of scripts used in Imperial records reflects changes in language used in Viet Nam from early 19th century to mid 20th century as well as changes in social thought and the impact of cultural waves from colonizers entering to colonized countries.
Imperial records also reflect trade activities of Viet Nam with countries in the region and the world such as Indonesia, Singapore, Philippines, Thailand, China, France, England, Spain...
Rarity
Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are the only archival holding of a feudal regime remained in Viet Nam and among very few documents in the world that have autographs of the kings, who commented in details on all national issues in the documents.
They are the valuable original materials that facilitate the researching and restoring the whole political, economic, cultural and social system and people of a nation in a course of history.
Going through a long time, seals on the documents, autographs by the kings, the format of the document, the language, scripts, paper material, ink... have become precious antiques, provided lot of useful information about different areas including administration studies, document studies, family annals studies and seal studies…
Integrity
With 773 volumes of about 85,000 documents, Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are a rather complete and comprehensive collection of a feudal regime in Viet Nam that remains.
Nguyen Dynasty’s Imperial records are also important documents to contribute to affirming Viet Nam’s sovereignty over 2 archipelagos of Hoang Sa (Paracel) and Truong Sa (Spratly).
Among 85,000 documents, 19 ones record detailed information on Nguyen Dynasty assigned Hoang Sa Naval Force to Hoang Sa and Truong Sa archipelagos to measure sea routes, exploit sea products, plant the sovereignty landmarks... and also Nguyen Dynasty’s approval for rewarding and punishing in protection of these two archipelagos.
In particular, the Imperial records showed Viet Nam is a responsible sea country for rescuing boats of other countries in danger in sea area of Hoang Sa and Truong Sa archipelagos.
With unique and outstanding values, on 14 May 2014, in the 2nd session of the 6th general meeting of Memory of the World Committee for Asia/Pacific (MOWCAP) at Guangzhou (China), Imperial records of Nguyen Dynasty were recognized as documentary heritage in the Memory of the World Programme in the Asia/Pacific region.
Currently, the massive document treasure is being preserved in National Archives Centre I (18 Vu Pham Ham, Yen Hoa Ward, Cau Giay District, Ha Noi).
DONG VAN KARST PLATEAU (GLOBAL GEOLOGICAL PARK)
(TITC) - Located on an altitude of 1,000m-1,600m, belonging to 4 districts of Quan Ba, Yen Minh, Meo Vac, Dong Van (Ha Giang Province), the 2,356km² - Dong Van Karst Plateau is one of Viet Nam's special limestone areas, housing prominent imprints that depict the development of the earth’s crust.
Up to 80% of the karst formations of Dong Van Plateau are limestone formed by environment conditions and different development stages of nature.
Geological value
A survey conducted by scientists from the Viet Nam Institute of Geosciences and Natural Resources revealed the finding of 13 fossil - geological formations in Dong Van, including Chang Pung, Lut Xia, Si Ka, Bac Bun, Mia Le, Si Phai, Toc Tat, Lung Nam, Bac Son, Dong Dang, Song Hien, Hong Ngai, and Lan Pang. Of which, Chang Pung is the oldest one with date of 540 millions years.
In addition, 19 paleontology groups were also discovered in Dong Van, including Brachiopoda (Tay cuon), Tabulata (San ho vach day), Tetracoralla (San ho bon tia), Stromatoporoidea (Lo tang), Trilobita (Bo ba thuy), Polybranchiaspis liaojiaoshanensis (Ca co), Foraminifera (Trung lo), Tentaculies (Vo non), Conodonta (Rang non), Pelecypoda (Chan riu), Gastropoda (Chan bung), Cephalopoda (Chan dau), Bryozoans (Dong vat dang reu), Crinoidea (Hue bien), Sclerotesta (Vo cung), Ancient Crustacean (Giap xac co), Hydrilla verticillata (Thuc vat thuy sinh), Spirulina (Tao), and Chitinozoa.
The paleontology groups have helped scientists draw a complete picture of development history in terms of geology of Dong Van Karst Plateau in particular and northeast Viet Nam and south China in general.
Climate
The climate is divided in two distinct seasons, rainy season (from May to October) and dry season (from November to April).
The annual average temperature varies between 24 and 28oC. In winter, the temperature is sometimes down to -5oC.
The best time to visit Dong Van is the spring. Tourists are hit by wonderful landscapes composed by yellow cai (kale) flowers and pink peach flowers in full blossom, mossy tiled roofs of stilt houses, dark green rocks and blue skies.
How to get the karst plateau
From Ha Giang City, visitors travel on National Highway 4C for 43km to Quan Ba. Continuing on this highway through Can Ty Pass, pine forests, steep drops, deep ravines, and razor sharp turns, visitors will reach to Dong Van karst plateau.
Ecological value
Thanks to weather changes and Dong Van's geo-diversity, the karst evolution has created “rock gardens” and “rock forests” of diverse forms in the area, such as Khau Vai rock garden (Meo Vac) where tourist can contemplate the peaks of rocks in the shape of different kinds of flowers, Lung Pu rock garden (Meo Vac) with animal-shaped rocks such as tiger and dragon, Van Chai rock garden (Dong Van) with round flagstones arranged like thousands of black sea lions leaning one another getting some rest on the beach.
However, found commonly here are ranges of mountains running one after another to form pyramids heading up to skies.
A system of caves and grottos found in the Dong Van Plateau provides a proof of the evolution of karst with Rong Cave in Sang Tung (Dong Van), Kho My Cave in Tung Vai (Quan Ba), En Grotto in Van Chai (Dong Van)...
Cultural value
Dong Van Karst Plateau also contains unique cultural values ​​of 17 ethnic minority groups such as Mong, Dao, Lo Lo, Tay, Nung… Since long time, the ethnic groups in Dong Van has had rich cultural and spiritual life.
In addition, highland markets as Pho Bang, Dong Van, Lung Cu, Sa Phin… together with traditional festivals, cuisine… also contribute making the picture of Dong Van Karst Plateau more attractive and lively.
Archaeological value
Archaeological excavations in Dong Van proved this is one of the places where keep traces of prehistoric culture.
Archaeologists discovered 2 remains of the Paleolithic Age in Can Ty (Quan Ba) and Pho Bang (Dong Van) and 2 onesof the Neolithic Age in Bach Dich and Yen Minh Town (Yen Minh District).
In addition, a pair of antique bronze drums of Lo Lo ethnic people in Dong Van is typical relic of Dong Son culture more than 2,000 years ago.
On October 3, 2010, in Lesvos (Greece), Dong Van Karst Plateau was recognized as official member of Global Geo-parks Network (GGN) for its prominent values on landscape, palaeobiology, geology, geomorphology and local culture.
Dong Van Karst Plateau has become the first geo-park of Viet Nam and the second one in Southeast Asia (after Langkawi Geo-park in Malaysia).
SOME OUTSTANDING DESTINATIONS:
- Lung Cu Flag Tower
- Ma Pi Leng Pass
- Khau Vai Rock Garden
- Kho My Cave
- Vuong Family Palace
- Lung Cam Tren Culture – Tourism Village
- Khau Vai Love Market
- Quan Ba Twin Mountain
- Dong Van Ancient Quarter
Shortcut
USEFUL INFORMATION
Specialties: On the market-day on Sunday (Dong Van, Meo Vac fairs...) visitors can enjoy dishes such as men men(steamed ground corn), color steamed glutinous rice, corn bread, chicken, dried beef, Meo colza, bamboo shoots,thang co (a special local soup), smoked bacon and sausages, corn liquor...
Souvenirs:
Visitors can buy traditional products such as brocade, linen, jewelry,... in the cultural villages, traditional craft villages, attractions, fairs ... on the karst plateau.
Things to note when visiting the karst plateau:
- Dress in a pleasingly tidy manner, smooth lightweight shoes with low sole (or sneakers) and soft stockings, warm clothing as the weather getting colder at night.
- Baggage should be neat, not bulky to move easily.
- Should be equipped phones with Google map system, using Vina, Viettel, Mobi network.
- Prepare personal medicine bag for common diseases by cold weather.
- Bring cash because there are very few ATMs in the town center.
- Fill up before starting the trips as the gas stations just are gathered in the towns.
- If you are planning on staying overnight in the forests, you have to prepare picnic tents, multifunctional cooker...
- Ensure safety for children and seniors when car stops along the way
- Comply with environmental regulations.
- Do not trespass caves and surroundings such as breaking off stalactites...
The Karst Plateau Guide
For tourist guide services, management and tourism related information on the karst plateau, please contact to Management Board of Dong Van Karst Plateau Global Geopark.
Management Board of Dong Van Karst Plateau Global Geopark
Group 16 - Tran Phu Ward - Ha Giang City - Ha Giang Province
Tel/Fax: (84-219) 3860 393
Email: hagianggeopark@gmail.com
Website: http://dongvangeopark.com
Area: 678.6 sq.km
Population: 52.5 thousand habitants(2007)
Administrative division:
- Townlet:Sa Pa
- Communes:Ban Khoang, Ta Giang Phinh, Trung Chai, Ta Phin, Sa Pa, San Sa Ho, Ban Phung, Lao Chai, Hau Thao, Thanh Kim, Ta Van, Su Pan, Suoi Thau, Ban Ho, Thanh Phu, Nam Sai, Nam Cang.
Located 38km from Lao Cai City, Sa Pa is a mountainous district of Lao Cai Province.
Sa Pa District is very well-known with Sa Pa Townlet, a beautiful and romantic resort.
At the height of 1,600m above sea level, the average temperature of the area is 15-18oC.
It is cool in summer and cold in winter.
Administrative division:
Ha Long's population are most having emigrated from other places to settle here. Ha Long Bay is famous internationally, and is recognized as a World Heritage by UNESCO for its thousands of natural islands.
Also in the city, there are temples, pagodas and historical relics.
Ha Noi city
Area: 3,323.6 sq.km.
Population:
Administrative divisions:
-12 urban districts: Hoan Kiem, Ba Dinh, Dong Da, Hai Ba Trung, Tay Ho, Thanh Xuan, Cau Giay, Long Bien, Hoang Mai, Ha Dong, Nam Tu Liem, Bac Tu Liem.- 1 town: Son Tay.
- 17 rural districts: Dong Anh, Soc Son, Thanh Tri, Gia Lam (Ha Noi); Ba Vi, Chuong My, Dan Phuong, Hoai Duc, My Duc, Phu Xuyen, Phuc Tho, Quoc Oai, Thach That, Thanh Oai. Thuong Tin, Ung Hoa (former Ha Tay province) and Me Linh (a former district of Vinh Phuc province).
Ethnic groups: Viet (Kinh), Hoa, Muong, Tay, Dao...
Ha Noi is the capital of the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam, the center of culture, politics, economy and trade of the whole country.
Geography: Ha Noi is located in the Red River Delta, in the center of North Viet Nam. It is encompassed by Thai Nguyen and Vinh Phuc provines to the north, Ha Nam and Hoa Binh provinces to the south, Bac Giang, Bac Ninh and Hung Yen provinces to the east, Hoa Binh and Phu Tho provinces to the west.
Ha Noi means "the hinterland between the rivers" (Ha: river, Noi: interior).
Climate: Ha Noi is situated in a tropical monsoon zone with two main seasons. During the dry season, which lasts from October to April, it is cold and there is very little rainfall, except from January to March, when the weather is still cold but there is some light rain. The wet season, from May to September, is hot with heavy rains and storms.
Transportation
Hue city
Area: 70.99 sq.km
Population: 339.8 thousand habitants (2009)
Administrative Division:
- Wards:Phu Nhuan, An Cuu, Truong An, Phuoc Vinh, Vinh Ninh, Phu Hoi, Xuan Phu, Vy Da, Tay Loc, Thuan Loc, Thuan Thanh, Thuan Hoa, Kim Long, Phu Hoa, Phu Cat, Phu Hiep, Phu Hau, Phu Binh, Phu Thuan and Phuong Duc, Huong So, An Hoa, An Dong, An Tay, Huong Long, Thuy Xuan, Thuy Bieu.Ethnic groups: Viet (Kinh)
Da Nang city
Area: 1,285.4 sq.km.
Population:
Administrative divisions:
- Districts: Hai Chau, Thanh Khe, Son Tra, Ngu Hanh Son, Lien Chieu, Cam Le.
- Rural districts: Hoa Vang, Hoang Sa.
Ethnic groups: Viet (Kinh), Hoa, Co Tu, Tay...
Geography
Da Nang City is located in middle of Central Viet Nam, between Ha Noi and Ho Chi Minh City, separated from Laos by the western Truong Son Mountains. It is surrounded by Thua Thien-Hue along the northern border and Quang Nam on the southern border.
Topography is rather complex. The south is impressive Hai Van Pass with Mang Mountain 1,708m, Ba Na Mountain 1,487m.
The east is Son Tra Peninsula, an ideal site of yellow sand beaches, historical remains, and rare bird and animal species.
The south is Ngu Hanh Son (Marble Mountains).
The seashore is Hoang Sa archipelago with a large fishery.
Transportation
Nha Trang city
Area: 251 sq.km
Population: 362 thousand people (2008)
Nha Trang Bay is recognised as one of 29 most beautiful bays in the world.
INBOUND TOURISMVISA
Pilot grant of e-visas
(TITC) - The pilot grant of e-visa has been applied within 2 years since 1 February 2017 for foreigners from 40 countries in Asia, Europe and Americas.
The border gates allowing foreigners to enter and exit by e-visas include 28 ones, consisting of 8 air ones, 13 land ones, and 7 sea ones.
E-visas granted through electronic transaction system are single-entry visas with validity of 30 days.
Fee for e-visa is USD 25.
List of 40 countries whose citizens are granted e- visas entering Viet Nam:
Asia: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Brunei, China (not apply to Chinese e-passport holders), Japan, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, Mongolia, Philippines, Republic of Korea, and Timor Leste.
Europe: Belarus, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Romani, Russia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, and United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Americas: Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Cuba, Panama, Peru, Uruguay, United States of America, and Venezuela.
List of international border gates allowing foreigners to enter and exit by e-visas:
Air border gates: International airports of Noi Bai, Tan Son Nhat, Cam Ranh, Da Nang, Cat Bi, Can Tho, Phu Quoc and Phu Bai.
Land border gates: International land border gates of Mong Cai, Huu Nghi, Lao Cai, Nam Can, Cau Treo, Cha Lo, Lao Bao, Bo Y, Moc Bai, Tinh Bien, Song Tien, Xa Mat and Ha Tien.
Sea border gates: ports of Hon Gai, Hai Phong, Nha Trang, Da Nang, Quy Nhon, Vung Tau and Ho Chi Minh City.
Procedures for applying e-visas:
1. Accessing the website https://www.xuatnhapcanh.gov.vn or https://www.immigration.gov.vn to fill in the declaration form.
2. Receiving a code for his/her dossier and paying visa fee at the website.
3. Within 3 working days since the full receipt of information and fee, the Immigration Department (Ministry of Public Security) replies the e-visa applicants at the website.
4. The e-visa applicants use granted code to check the result and print out their e-visa.
Procedure for foreign vehicles to Viet Nam
- The people driving left side steering wheel used cars under 9 seats, left side steering wheel used home-cars and motorbikes to Viet Nam for tourism purpose must contact with international tour operators of Viet Nam to complete approval procedure.
The necessary documents include: passport (or alternative documents) with the validity of at least 6 months since the date of entrance, visa, valid vehicle registration certificate, suitable driving license.
Specifically, valid certifications about engineering and environmental protection are required for cars.
- Within 3 working days since the full receipt of valid documents from international tour operators of Viet Nam, Vietnamese Ministry of Transport would issue document on approving or disapproving (specifying reasons) for foreign vehicles to Viet Nam.
Regulations for foreign vehicles when taking part in traffic in Viet Nam
- Following guide-vehicles with logo or symbol flag of international tour operators of Viet Nam.
- Taking part in traffic in the allowed routes and time according to the regulations in the approval document on foreign vehicles to Viet Nam of Vietnamese Ministry of Transports.
- Obeying law of road traffic of Viet Nam and taking the requested documents to complete procedure to Viet Nam, valid civil liability insurance certificate of vehicle’s owner in Viet Nam and temporary import certificate of the vehicle.
Visitors receive and fill out the visa application form from Vietnamese tour operators (partners welcoming cruise visitors to Viet Nam).
- When the ship docks, visitors ashore and present their passport so that Port Border Unit checks, compares and issues separate entry visa.
- Visitors manage their own passport and separate visa during sightseeing time in Viet Nam.
- When exiting Viet Nam, visitors present their separate visa for Port Border Unit to stamp “Invalid” on visa.
- For international cruise ships which have the itinerary through many Vietnamese ports, visitors carry out entrance procedure at the first port; exit procedure at the last port; and checklist reference when get on and off ships at the other ports.
- The visa fee for visitors entering Viet Nam by sea is USD5 per person.
Organizational Structure of VNAT
Update: Saturday, October 01, 2016
Chairman assisting Units
Tel: (84 - 4) 3.9423760
1. Travel Department (Ext: 162)
2. Hotel Department (Ext: 133)
3. Planning - Finance Department (Ext: 151)
4. International Cooperation Department (Ext: 123)
5. Personnel Organization Department (Ext: 141)
6. Tourism Marketing Department (Ext: 176)
7. Office (Ext: 103)
Subordinate Units:
1. Tourism Information Technology Center
Add: 02 Nui Truc Str.,Ba Dinh Dist.,Ha Noi
Tel: (84-4) 3943 7072 - Fax: (84-4) 3826 3956
2. Institute for Tourism Development Research
It is the year of 2013 that celebrates the event of Da Lat city being 120 years old since Doctor Yersin found and constructed.
Da Lat in the past and now harmonize with each other by historic marks of times..
Here it is Da Lat Railway Station, Domain De Marie Church and hidden villas in immense pine forests, et cetera. It embodies the beauty of city in the forest and forest in the city, which draw special attention of visitors to find out its mystery and attractiveness then satisfy their curiousity as well as thinking of the unique romantic beauty here
Moroever, the working groups also arranged a press conference with local authority and other local service providers (Love Valley, Bluer Moon Hotel, Da Lat Flower Forest Bio-technology Joint Stock Company, Hoang Anh Green Land Resort) with the view to discussing about expanding tourism development in Lam Dong province and spreading to the public.
Particularly, during the itinerary, each member participated in an environmental event named “Keep the Central Highland Forever Green” by planting a tree as a mesage to protect green and clean environment for a greener and nicer Da Lat in the eyes of visitors, especially on the context the Flower Festival has just coming very soon.
Next, the groups visited such peaceful and wild destinations as Love Valley, Golden Valley, Ve Chai Temple, Cu Lan Village, etc.
With such goals and detailed itinerary, the tourism promotion program in Lam Dong and Daklak province would be a starting point for the National Tourism Year 2014 in Central Highland full of promising success.
VIETRAVEL – SILVER SPONSOR FOR FESTIVAL HUE 2014
In the morning of November 3rd 2013, the office of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee witnessed the official signature ceremony sponsored for Festival Huế 2014 by and between Viettravel Tourism Company and Festival Huế 2014 Center, which was hosted by Mr Ngo Hoa – Standing Vice Chairman of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee.
In addition to the role of Silver Sponsor for this festival, Vietravel Toursim Company also acts as a co-organizer and the main sponsor for the traditional boat race in Festival Huế 2014 this time.
The signature ceremony warmly welcomed the active participation of Mr.Ngo Hoa – Vice Chairman of Thua Thien Hue People’s Committee, Mr, Cai Vinh Tuan – Director of Thua Thien Hue Department of Home Affairs, Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel together with leaders of departments, agencies and sectors of the province, et cetera.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Mr Ngo Hoa gave an overview assessment on the organization work for Festival Huế 2014 from which showed a matter of fact that Festival Huế has become a grand &amp; meaningful cultural event towards the introduction of Vietnam tourism image in general and Thue Thien Hue province in particular through heritage values, ecology and bringing the role of cultural, economic and tourism center of the whole nation and North Central region to the fullest play.
By 2014, Festival Huế has experienced 8 times of organization with extensive scale characterized not only by the number of registration of international performing art trouples but also proactive involvement of enterprises in forging together towards reservation and honor to national cultural heritages and values.
Besides the role of Silver Sponsor for Festival Huế 2014, Vietravel that also plays part of a co-organizing unit and main sponsorship for the traditional boat race in Huong river has now been enthusiatically initiated numerous propagation actitivities along with the Organizing Board for the preparation of Festival event under various promotion approaches.
Mr. Ngo Hoa – Vice Chairman of Thue Thien Hue People’s Committee – Head of Festival Huế 2014 Organizing Board
At the signature cermony, Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel Tourism Company asserted once again that Vietravel’s tourism mission and development goals would be towards responsibilities for society and community and hand-in-hand with considerable events and activities in conservation, reservation and development of national cultural values, therefore the one-billion silver sponsorship package in this Festival would not out of objectives that contribute to great success of Festival Huế 2014 and builde image of both Thua Thien Hue Tourism and Vietnam Tourism much more beautiful and attractive in the eyes of visitors and global friends.
Mr. Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy Director of Vietravel Tourism Company spoke at the signature ceremony for sponsorship. He underscored that the meaning of contribution to the conservation and honor of national cultural values in Festival Huế should be duties of each individual and enterprise.
Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh – Deputy Managing Director of Festival Huế 2014 Center and Mr.Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy General Director of Vietravel formed etiquete for sponsorship contract signature under the witness of many provincial leaders and reporters
Vietravel – A pioneer story
Vietravel has come a long way since its establishment in 1995 with extraordinary efforts to become the flagship in tourism in Vietnam.
For the past 18 years, sustaining commitment to provide good quality services in satisfaction to every client’s demands together with constant pioneering in innovation to serve clients has helped Vietravel obtain many domestically and internationally prestigious awards from travel organizations and press agencies.
Vietravel has also become a member of major travel organizations in the world such as: USTOA, ASTA, PATA, ATTA, JATA, and IAGTO.
The most important milestones are known that Vietravel, in October 2013, was the only travel company of Vietnam voted for two titles namely “Vietnam’s Leading Tour Operator” and “Vietnam’s Leading Travel Agency” by the World Travel Awards (WTA) 2013 – likened to “The Oscars of the travel industry”.
In addition, this is the third consecutive year (2011, 2012, 2013) Vietravel has been awarded by TTG Asia – the leading travel magazine in Asia-Pacific Region at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013.
Such important events once again have affirmed the position and trademark of Vietravel in the international playground and have been also motive force for Vietravel to better advance on the way of development – the way of the pioneer.
With over 40 transaction offices and branches nationwide, 3 representative offices overseas in Cambodia, Thailand and the United States, Vietravel has constantly developed and extended its business network with great demand on high quality human resource.
Accordingly, Vietravel has opened ideal career opportunities for young people to start their promising future.
At Vietravel, enthusiastic, conscientious, dynamic and well-qualified staff would create the best working environment and impart good experiences for young people in their career process.
Recently, RMIT University has been a companion and a good recruiting environment for Vietravel to recruit and supplement highly qualified human resource to its group of staff.
With RMIT career guidance event this time, Vietravel is honored to participate in the event in capacity of a sponsor.
This is also an opportunity for Vietravel to closely access to students as well as seek for and further select brilliant applicants for many working positions at Vietravel.
Tourism is a dynamic and attractive work suitable for those with wholehearted interest, who are willing to devote themselves to such interest.
Vietravel is a widely open door to welcome new members who have aspiration and devotion.
VIETRAVEL NHA TRANG – ACTIVE IN ACTIONS ACCOMMPANING WITH VIETNAMESE TALENTS
On 12/11/2013, Vietravel Nha Trang organized the charity program to support the poor children of Van Thanh 2 Primary School to continue their studies (Khai Luong hamlet, Van Thanh commune, Van Ninh district).
This is a meaningful event within the Community-Based Tourism Year Project implementation activities of Vietravel in 2013 in Nha Trang.
Within the program, Vietravel Nha Trang visited and offered gifts to students with difficult situations in Van Ninh island district including 1000 notebooks, 1000 pens which were divided into 200 gifts to students in 3 areas in the island, 50 school bags to poor students with difficult situations.
It is known that, besides the contribution from staffs of the company, Vietravel Nha Trang called for the contribution from regular partners in Nha Trang to sponsor for this program including Hieu Nghia One Member Company Limited, Gia Restaurant, Den Long Do Restaurant etc.
Representative of Vietravel Nha Trang is offering gifts to students
Vietravel shall continue to accompany with School Support Programs
Vietravel Nha Trang hopes that these gifts may help the pupils here to go to school with more sufficient school things and share partially difficulties with poor pupils in remote island area.
As said by Mr.Doan Hai Quan – Branch Director of Vietravel Nha Trang “Vietravel always highly appreciate the responsibilities of the company with the environment and community, therefore, the company has organized more meaningful programs for the society.
Together with other Vietravel branches nationwide, Vietravel Nha Trang is also actively implementing and accompanying with charity programs in the province and calling for sharing and contributions from the benefactors, fellow customers to expand the programs and support more people”
It is informed that Vietravel Nha Trang has just introduced the tourists special tours on the occasion of Vietnamese Teachers’ Day 20/11 and Christmas and New Year 2014 as follows:
Bangkok – Pattaya SUPER SAVINGS (05 days)
Departure: 20/11
Packaged Price: VND9,290,000
Singapore - Malaysia – ECO!!! (6 days)
Departure: 27/11
Packaged Price: VND 14,790,000
Seoul - Jeju - Nami - Everland - Seoul (07 days) – One night to discover Da Nang city ECO!!!
Departure: 05/12
Packaged Price: VND 19,190,000
Bangkok - Pattaya – Discover Madame Tussuads Wax Museum (05 days) – Welcome Christmas in Bangkok
Departure: 21/12
Packaged Price: VND 10,890,000
Singapore - Malaysia –5* Hotel in Kuala Lumpur (6 days) – Welcome New Year 2014
Departure: 28/12
Packaged Price: VND 16,790,000
Da Lat Flower Festival (3 days)
Departure: only on 27/12
Packaged Price: VND 1,990,000
Contact information:
Vietravel Nha Trang
100 Quang Trung, Loc Tho ward, Nha Trang
Tel: (058) 3526 577
Email: vtv.nhatrang@vietravel.com.vn;
Transaction Office No.1
23D Biet Thu, Loc Tho ward, Nha Trang
Tel: (058) 3526 393
Email: vtv.nhatrang.vp1@vietravel.com.vn;
Hotline: 0988 608 286
(Source: Department of Communications, Vietravel Nha Trang)
VIETRAVEL HANOI ORGANIZES THE CHARITY TOUR “WARM JACKETS FOR CHILDREN” 2013
On 31/10/2013, Vietravel in cooperation with Tien Phong Newspaper, Singer Tung Duong and tourists of great generosity started the charity tour in Sing Lung commune, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province.
This is the tour in the charity tours to East-West North Region implemented by Vietravel Hanoi this winter.
Sinh Lung commune, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province is the place with many H’mong people and some Lao Co people who are living in very difficult situations.
Due to the area is large with mainly mountainous area, the traffic road is very difficult and schools are all very far and the farthest school is 15km away from the town center.
“When witnessing children who are living in very difficult situations with only some old clothes in the cold winter etc. we are decided to do some practical and meaningful things for children here”, shared the representative of Vietravel.
Charity Team on the way to Sinh Lung commune
West North Landscape is charming and beautiful to keep the tourists
Tam Giac Mach Flowers is blooming
In 4 days (31/10 - 3/11/2013), Vietravel together with Singer Tung Duong, Tien Phong Newspaper came to Sing Lung Commune Secondary School, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province to directly participate in meaningful activities and offer many practical gifts to teachers and children here including: 04 bunk beds, 3 scholarships, 350 warm clothes, socks, 50 cotton blankets and hundreds of schoolbook sets and reference books and many other school things etc.; organize arts exchange performance with childresn with the participation of Singer Tung Duong.
The team brings the warm of “Chiec Khan Phieu” to schools with hamlet people; asking and encouraging, and offering gifts to soldiers of Lung Cu Border Post etc. To implement this tour, besides launching the movement from its staffs, Vietravel Hanoi also received the supports and charity contributions from regular tourists of the company such as Education Publishing House, Ba Sao Foods and Drinks Services Company, Vietnam Future Company etc.
Vietravel offers the scholarships to children with good study results and good behaviors
The team is visiting and preparing many candies and cakes for children
Singer Tung Duong and other volunteers of the programs are offering gifts to children
Vietravel hopes that these practical charity activities shall not only help small children in central highlands – the future of the country to continue their study with sufficient facilities but also help their relatives and teachers reduce partially their difficulties in educating these children.
As shared by the representative of Vietravel Hanoi with the charity team: “We will not only offer the warm clothes of love to teachers and children here, but we also give our sympathy, sharing and love.
This is a deep memory in their childhood about the great action and about our moral code of “love others as love ourselves” which will be a luggage in the way to the future and encourage them to try the bests in their studies and train to become good people with good ethnics and talents to contribute to construct our country”.
Arts exchange with Singer Tung Duong and other team members
This will be a beautiful memory
Vietravel shall implement many other more practical programs
On the next 28/11 and 6/12/2013, Vietravel Hanoi will implement two charity tours to Cao Bang and Moc Chau.
The tourists can register today to accompany and share with the people in Central Highlands or contribute for scholarships, warm clothes, books for children here.
All contributions, please contact
1. Mr Huy Hoang – Sale FIT of Domestic Tours of Vietravel in Hanoi, 03 Hai Ba Trung, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi
Tel: 0947.339.797,or 043.933.1978 – Extension number: 150.
2. Ms Lan Huong – Sale FIT of Domestic Tours of Vietravel Vietravel in Hanoi, 03 Hai Ba Trung, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi
Tel : 01656.052.616, or 043.933.1978 – Extension number: 666.
3. Ms.Ha Anh – Marketing and Communication Department of Vietravel, Hanoi branch
Tel: 04 3933 1978 – Extension number: 335.
VIETRAVEL PRESENTS 26 SCHOLARSHIPS “VIETRAVEL IN COMPANIONSHIP WITH VIETNAMESE TALENTS”
A scholarship presentation ceremony was held by Vietravel at its head office at 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City on October 31st 2013 to present scholarships to 26 excellent students in difficult circumstances in the academic year 2013 – 2014.
All of them got high marks from the university entrance examination at 25 marks up and students who received “Vietravel in companionship with Vietnamese talents” scholarships 2012 and got annual grade point average (AGPA) at 8.0 (according to Vietnamese grading scale) from universities nationwide were also presented with scholarships on this occasion.
Each scholarship worth VND 10,000 was extracted from Vietravel scholarship fund contributed by Vietravel’s leaders and staffs.
The scholarship program for students in difficult circumstances was started from 2012.
Up to now, the total number of applications sent to Vietravel has increased 51% in comparison with that in 2012 with 89 applications from 25 universities nationwide.
With a view to supporting pupils and students in difficult circumstances to get further will to strive and better themselves in study in order to make better contribution to themselves, their families and society, Vietravel and all of its leaders and staffs actively and voluntarily contributed to the “Vietravel in companionship with Vietnamese talents” scholarship fund.
After one year of launching, up to now, it has been widely spread from 9 universities initially planed to 25 universities nationwide.
In addition, Vietravel in coordination with Tuoitre Newspaper sponsored for the “Giving added strength to school” program, thereby Vietravel presented 10 bicycles and 1000 notebooks to pupils in difficult circumstances in Long Xuyen and sponsored for many other events in provinces and cities nationwide.
VINADIVING PROVES LEADING QUALITY OF DIVER TRAINING
A closing ceremony on rescue diving training course 2013 for officers and soldiers of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department was held at Vietnam Dive Center (VINADIVING) on October 25th 2013.
Officers and soldiers had to undergo a strict and methodical training process and granted with professional rescue diving certificates from Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI).
This training course was attended by 35 officers and soliders in charge of rescue work of Ho Chi Minh City’s Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department.
This is also a key force to follow up, provide training on marine rescue to relevant units afterwards.
Trainees were trained with knowledge from basic, advanced levels to rescue practice for 10 days in Nha Trang and 20 days in Ho Chi Minh City.
That Ho Chi Minh City’s Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department selected VINADIVING as a training provider to its officers and soldiers showed prestige and training quality of VINADIVING – which is not only a provider of diversified, safe diving services at high quality to clients but also the best diver trainer in Vietnam at present.
Vinadiving under Vietravel was established in 1997 to provide recreational diving services as well as diver training and issuing international diving certificates.
For over the period of development and appreciation, Vinadiving has become the best provider of recreational diving services and diver training at present and positively supported to Vietravel in diversifying travel categories to serve clients’ demands.
Especially, in August 2013, Vinadiving opened a new Dolphin ship for scuba divers transport qualified in conformity with standards of the Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI) and put it into use in order to create more options and diversify underwater excursions attractive to visitors.
This is good news for those interested in discovery diving in Vietnam.
Below are some images recorded at the closing ceremony:
National flag salutation formality
Spectacle of the ceremony
Major General Tran Trieu Duong – Director of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department spoke at the closing ceremony
Comrade Truong Van Lam – Director of Ho Chi Minh City Department of Home Affairs spoke at the closing ceremony
Ms. Dao Thi Thanh Tham – Director of VINADIVE spoke at the closing ceremony
Representative of officers and soldiers who attended the training course spoke at the closing ceremony
Leaders of Ho Chi Minh City Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department and Vinadive presented gifts to excellent trainees
Mr. Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy General Director of Vietravel awarded Certificates to succesful trainees
Ms. Dao Thi Thanh Tham – Director of Vinadive awarded Certificates to successful trainees
Contact information:Vietnam Dive Center - VINADIVINGAddress: 23D Biet Thu street, Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa ProvinceTel: 0583 526 575
VIETRAVEL PHAN THIET DEVELOPS AND PIONEERS IN TOURISM
The 18th Anniversary of Binh Thuan Tourism Day was held by Binh Thuan Tourism on October 24th 2013.
A ceremony for honoring travel enterprises which made positive contributions to the development of Binh Thuan tourism was also held on this occasion.
Vietravel Phan Thiet honorably won “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award.
Vietravel with its sound capacity and business strategies has constantly developed and affirmed its position as the leading tour operator in Vietnam.
Furthermore, Vietravel has been a pioneer in Vietnam tourism as it has won a lot of international travel awards presented by prestigious international travel organizations.
In October 2013, Vietravel was the only travel company of Vietnam voted under the World Travel Awards (WTA) with two awards.
Vietravel was also voted and awarded by TTG Asia – the leading travel magazine in Asia-Pacific Region at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013.
This was the third time Vietravel was voted for this award. With constant development, Vietravel currently has 44 offices and branches nationwide and representative offices in foreign countries such as: Cambodia, Thailand, the United States.
Such system of offices and branches has helped Vietravel consolidate its chain of transactions to quickly satisfy clients’ demands any time, anywhere, in which it must be taken into account Vietravel Phan Thiet.
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director on behalf of Vietravel received the “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award
Vietravel is confident to affirm its position as the leading tour operator in Vietnam and reach out to the world
Although Vietravel Phan Thiet has just been put into operation since 2012, it has quickly developed and proved its strength and outstanding capacity.
Vietravel Phan Thiet has made positive contribution not only to the development of Binh Thuan tourism but also to social activities in Binh Thuan province, to realize the business philosophy of economic development in close connection to social responsibilities of Vietravel.
In 2013, Vietravel Phan Thiet was honorably awarded by Binh Thuan Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism with the “Outstanding enterprise in tourism 2013” award on the occasion of the 18th Anniversary of Binh Thuan Tourism Day.
This award was encouragement and motive force for Vietravel Phan Thiet to constantly contribute to the general development of tourism as well as to the economic development of Binh Thuan province.
VIETRAVEL CA MAU PARTICIPATES IN MANY LOCAL EXCHANGE ACTIVITIES
A mini football tournament was held at the Center for Physical Culture and Sports of Cai Nuoc district, Ca Mau province from 19th to 20th October 2013 in celebration of the Vietnam Youth Union Congress at different levels leading to the fifth Ca Mau Youth Union Congress.
Vietravel Ca Mau sponsored and acted in companionship with the tournament.
This mini football tournament was held in celebration of the 57th Anniversary of Vietnam Youth Union and Ca Mau Youth Union Congress with the participation of 14 football teams coming from: Ca Mau Young Entrepreneurs’ Association, Youth Union of the Enterprise Block, Youth Union of the People-Government-Party block, Committee of associations of districts in Ca Mau province.
This tournament was a noteworthy sport event to create animated emulation and promote the spirit of physical culture and sports of leaders and staffs, further enhance relations among entities.
This tournament was successful and Vietravel made positive contribution to this event in capacity of a sponsor.
Vietravel Ca Mau is a new branch of Vietravel which has just been put into operation since 2013.
This is the fourth branch opened by Vietravel in the Mekong Delta after Can Tho, Phu Quoc, and Long Xuyen.
Up to now, Vietravel has had 44 offices and branches nationwide ranging from Lao Cai to Phu Quoc, and Ca Mau.
Vietravel Ca Mau quickly satisfies local demands on inbound and outbound travel as well as launches and acts in companionship with Ca Mau province in social activities with a view to realizing the business philosophy of socially and environmentally responsible travel, and localize business of Vietravel.
Below are some images recorded at the mini football tournament
14 entities joined the mini football tournament
The Organizing Board offered pennants to football teams
Football teams competed animatedly
Representative of Vietravel Ca Mau awarded prize to the winner
Vietravel is always in companionship with local activities positively
VIETRAVEL IN FRIENDLY GAMES WITH PHUOC HOA RUBBER JSC AT THE SPORTS FESTIVAL IN CELEBRATION OF THE 84TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RUBBER INDUSTRY
On October 19th 2013, sports teams of Vietravel were present in Binh Duong to exchange in friendly games with Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC.
Sports teams of Vietravel competed at their best efforts in the spirit of friendship, fair play and obtained significant results from games which they joined.
In the animated atmosphere to celebrate the 84th anniversary of the rubber industry, Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC formally organized the Sports Festival 2013 with many exciting games with a view to enhancing opportunities of exchange and the spirit of solidarity among managers, staffs; Vietravel and Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC alsoexpressed the spirit of exchange via a series of exciting games such as football, ping-pong, tennis, badminton…Matches took place in the spirit of exchange, inquiring mind, and friendship.
Both of them appointed their strongest teams to compete in matches and the result was the general success of the Sports Festival with animated, dramatic and fair play moments.
On this occasion, Vietravel took a large group of sports teams and supporters to the Sports Festival in order to support and contribute to making the Sports Festival further successful.
The Sports Festival was successful beyond expectation and created closer relations.
It can be said that this exchange is a great progress showing the understanding and willing to support each other in the coming time, in which sports exchange will be one of the best ways to enhance understanding.
Vietravel would like to congratulate on the success of the Sports Festival and wish leaders and staffs of Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC good health, good achievements and excellent fulfillment of plan 2013.
Below are some images recorded at the Sports Festival:
The opening ceremony of the Sports Festival solemnly took place at Phuoc Hoa Rubber JSC
The Organizing Board offered pennants to participant teams
Vietravel’s football team and their counterpart had photograph taken before kick-off
Vietravel’s football team and their counterparts played at their best efforts and devoted spectacular goals
Vietravel’s players competed in Tennis for the leadership class
Two players of Vietravel competed in Tennis for the young class
Vietravel won high results in Tennis and Badminton
At the end of the Sports Festival, Vietravel was awared by the Organizing Board for all games it joined
The Sports Festival was successful
FREE OCULAR SURGERY PERFORMED FOR HUNDREDS OF PATIENTS IN CAN THO, LONG XUYEN
On October 17th 2013, a cataract treatment and surgery program was launched at O Mon General Hospital to perform ocular surgery for 130 poor patients coming from Can Tho and Long Xuyen.
All costs of such program was supported by Vietravel.
Cataract is a cause leading to 66% of blind cases in Vietnam.
At present, there are over 300,000 patients who need substituting their corneas and only 1,000 people donating their corneas to the Eye Bank.
Cataract surgery and treatment is still largely demanded, especially those in rural, isolated and remote areas.
In face of this situation, for over the past period of time, Vietravel has supported VND 1,5 billion to HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients with a view to bringing light to over 1,800 poor blind patients nationwide.
In 2013, Vietravel has sponsored for 200 ocular surgery cases in Khanh Hoa province in June 2013 and continued free ocular surgery for over 130 poor patients in Can tho and An Giang on this occasion.
Just awarded with “Vietnam’ Leading Travel Agency” award by the World Travel Awards, Vietravel regarded socially responsible activities as part of its business mission.
Vietravel has participated in many socially significant activities for years such as organizing full-moon festival for children of the SOS children’s village, Tam Binh Children’s village (Ho Chi Minh City); constructing charitable house in Can Gio district (Ho Chi Minh City), supporting physiotherapy equipment to lonely elderly people, disabled people and those having merit to the nation in Binh Thuan province; supporting compatriots suffering from natural disasters in the Central Region; contributing to constructing Truong Bon Memorial site (Nghe An); presenting scholarships to new students in the academic years 2012, 2013.
In activities of the travel industry, Vietravel has organized an environmental protection program titled as “Travel for a clean and green environment” encouraging people to protect the environment, use autolytic bags.
In sports, Vietravel has been the main sponsor for national tennis championships from now to the year 2015, which has made contribution to the success of Vietnamese tennis at the Davis Cup 2013 recently.
All of such activities show that Vietravel has been making its best efforts in business to make better contribution to the society.
This is also a reason that Vietravel has always attracted the largest number of clients, regardless of difficulties of the economy. With the turnover of the first 9 months of the year 2013 equal to the total turnover of VND 2,500 billion of the year 2012, it is expected that Vietravel will reach the turnover amount of VND 3,000,000 billion at the end of the year 2013 and continue setting record of the leading tour operator for the fourth consecutive time in Vietnam.
Below are some images recorded at the ocular surgery program in Can Tho, Long Xuyen:
Vietravel’s Representative spoke at the eye bandage removal ceremony
Free ocular surgery performed for 130 patients on this occasion
Vietravel’s Representative and doctors removed eye bandages from patients
VIETRAVEL WINS HCMC OUTSTANDING ENTERPRISE AWARD 2013
A ceremony for honoring outstanding enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City 2013 took place at the meeting-hall of Ho Chi Minh City Party Committee at night, October 13th 2013 on the occasion of celebration of Vietnam Entrepreneurs' Day.
This ceremony was held by HCMC Union of Business Associations (HUBA), and Vietravel was also one of 105 outstanding enterprises honoured on this occasion.
It can be said that Vietravel is one of few enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City in particular and nationwide in general in the travel industry with the most stable and high growth at present.
With the turnover of the first 9 months of the year 2013 equal to the total turnover of VND 2,500 billion of the year 2012, it is expected that Vietravel will reach the turnover amount of VND 3,000,000 billion at the end of the year 2013.
Once again, Vietravel fairthfully expresses gratitude to HCMC Union of Business Associations (HUBA), valued clients, valued partners who have always believed in and voted for Vietravel.
All leaders and staffs of Vietravel are determined to strive, work at the best effort and devotedly serve clients and prove high professionalism to requite clients’ trust.
Fairthfully thanks.
Below are some images that we recorded at the ceremony:
Panorama of the ceremony for honoring outstanding enterprises in Ho Chi Minh City 2013
A minute’s silence in memory of General Vo Nguyen Giap
Representative of HCMC People’s Committee spoke of great contributions of enterprises in HCMC to the general development of HCMC
Vietravel was one of 105 outstanding enterprises honoured on this occasion(Photo: Mr.Nguyen Minh Ngoc - Deputy General Director of Vietravel honorably received HCMC outstanding enterprise award 2013)
MR. NGUYEN QUOC KY - PORTRAIT OF AN EXEMPLARY VIETNAMESE ENTREPRENEUR
A solemn ceremony to celebrate the Vietnam Entrepreneurs' Day and honour 100 exemplary entrepreneurs voted and awarded by Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI) took place at Hanoi Friendship Cultural Palace this morning, October 11th 2013.
Mr.Nguyen Quoc Ky – General Director of Vietravel was honourably voted as one of 100 exemplary entrepreneurs in 2013.
In capacity of the leading tour operator’s CEO in Vietnam, managing over 1,000 staffs working domestically and internationally, Mr.Nguyen Quoc Ky was always familiar with and deeply aware of job of each staff so as to timely encourage, support, and create favorable conditions for them to improve their qualifications by speficic plan of action.
He determined that human resource was the most precious asset of the company so that he spent much time and expenditure for training and re-training.
Specific training courses were designed for different subjects ranging from senior managers to sales staffs, tourist guides.
The movement of self-study and strengthening capacity widely spread all over the company, that constituted relatively equal knowledge background and qualification of each level.
Together with a large and qualified group of leaders and over 1,000 staffs, he boosted up Vietravel to a new stature by realizing targets undertaken with the society and the community.
That was proved by high and stable growth of turnover for years, ranging from 30% in comparison with the same period last year.
For the first 9 months of the year 2013 alone, Vietravel obtained a turnover about VND 2,500 billion, equal to that of the whole year 2013, in addition, a series of international awards won by Vietravel recently such as: award from Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA 2013 by Ministries of Tourism of five countries in the Mekong Sub-region in September 2013.
At the beginning of October 2013, Vietravel consecutively won awards from the World Travel Awards 2013 in Dubai on October 1st 2013 and from the TTG Travel Awards 2013 in Thailand hosted by TTGAsia – a leading travel magazine in the Asia-Pacific Region on October 3rd 2013.
With strategic vision in the orientation of development to the year 2020, Vietravel is striving to be listed in the Top 10 leading tour operators in Asia with its consistent vision and mission in the entire company, especially the determination of restructuring the entire business system towards intensive business with a view to strengthening business capacity, and also developing strongly and quickly in terms of scale of domestic and foreign transaction system in order to quickly satisfy any client’s demands any time, anywhere and by all means.
Up to now, Vietravel has attracted over 1,000 well qualified staffs and has been willing for a new playground and confident to catch up with the world in the spirit of pioneering, welcoming Vietravel’s 18th Anniversary, and constantly affirming its position as a Vietnamese travel trademark in the region and the world.
He was deserved to be an exemplary Vietnamese entrepreneur and a pioneer boosting up Vietravel to a new stature and intensifying spirit for travel companies of Vietnam to enter the international arena firmly with their professional staffs, sustainable economic capacities, solidarity and determination to act for lofty missions of Vietnamese entrepreneurs’ spirit in pioneering and advancing.
VIETRAVEL SUPPORTS COMPATRIOTS IN THE CENTRAL REGION
A part from constant efforts in business development, Vietravel always regards social activities as part of its responsibilities for the society.
In 2013, Vietravel defined it as the year of socially responsible travel.
Accordingly, Vietravel with its offices and branches nationwide ranging from Lao Cai to Phu Quoc coordinated with local authorities in organizing social activities such as ocular surgery for poor patients, offering warm clothes to compatriots in the mountainous regions, presenting scholarships to excellent pupils and students in difficult circumstances…
In the spirit of compassion and sharing part of loss in the recent heavy storm suffered by compatriots in the Central Region, all leaders and staffs of Vietravel voluntarily contributed pay of one working day.
Also in October, Vietravel in coordination with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients to perform ocular surgery for over 130 poor patients in Can Tho and Long Xuyen.
Vietravel is launching “Light for Life” program with a view to bring light to many more poor blinds nationwide
With the objective to become the first multinational travel corporation in Vietnam, Vietravel will more and more associate business development with social development to make contribution to each locality.
VIETRAVEL IS PROUD OF HAVING RECEIVED AWARD FOR THE THIRD CONSECUTIVE TIME FROM TTG TRAVEL AWARDS
The 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013 was officially held at Bangkok Convention Centre at CentralWorld (Thailand) at night, October 3rd 2013 for leading groups and companies in travel industry in Asia.
Vietravel was honored to be the only travel company of Vietnam receiving the third consecutive award from this event.
Below is photo reportage recorded from the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013 at Bangkok, Thailand:
Vietravel’s Representative - Ms.Nguyen Le Huong received award at the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013
Partners congratulated on the success of Vietravel
General Director Nguyen Quoc Ky shared happiness with partners and reporters traveling with Vietravel delegation
Leader of Sai Travel – a partner of Vietravel in Japan congratulated Vietravel
Mr. La Quoc Khanh – Deputy Director of HCMC Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism shared happiness with Vietravel
Representative of Thai Airway congratulated Vietravel
Mr. Ngoc Chau – Director of FBNC Television Channel attended the 24th Annual TTG Travel Awards 2013
Representative of Vietnam Airlines shared happiness with Vietravel
Tour service provider in partnership with Vietravel in Thailand
Representative of Tien Phong Newspaper congratulated Vietravel
Thanh Nien Newspaper in companionship with Vietravel on any way…
Representative of Saigon Entrepreneur Newspaper was also present in Bangkok to witness award of Vietravel for the third time from TTG Asia
Representatives of VTV and HTV had commemorative photograph taken with Vietravel
Representatives of Lao Dong Newspaper, Tuoi Tre Newspaper and VTV
Representative of Nguoi Lao Dong Newspaper – a newspaper of every home was also present to witness and post news on this event
Together congratulating on the breakthrough developments of Vietravel in the Region and the world
VIETRAVEL PROMOTES TOURISM AT THE NORTH CENTRAL REGION ECONOMIC EXCHANGE FAIR – VINH 2013
Vietravel branch in Vinh city participated in promoting tourism at the North Central Region Economic Exchange Fair – Vinh 2013 at Vinh City Central Park – Truong Thi Street from 4th to 11th October 2013.
This fair was hosted by the People’s Committee of Nghe An province, Nghe An Department of Industry and Trade, and the People’s Committee of Vinh city.
According to Nghe An trade promotion program 2013 towards celebration of the 225th anniversary of Phuong Hoang Trung Do, 50th anniversary of Vinh city, 5th anniversary of Class-I city and receiving Third-Class Independence Medal, the North Central Region Economic Exchange Fair was organized with a view to creating opportunities for domestic and foreign enterprises to meet, exchange, introduce new products, new technologies to people in Nghe An province in general and in Vinh City in particular.
The fair included 300 – 400 booths with the participation of over 250 domestic and foreign entities.
A large number of visitors visited and booked tours at Vietravel’s booth
Vietravel’s booth on an area of 54m2 included 6 standard stands numbered from 277 to 282, located at the area set aside for typical enterprises.
At Vietravel’s booth, clients would be advised and offered in terms of tours under the autumnal promotion program 2013, specific tours designed for clients in Vinh city such as Vinh – Laos – Cambodia tour, Vinh – Laos – Thailand tour,…In addition, clients would also have opportunities to join animated game shows with prizes and lucky draw together with valuable gifts offered to visitors at Vietravel’s booth.
Especially, clients directly booking for tours at Vietravel’s booth apart from seasonal promotion programs would get instant discount VND 300,000 per each tour.
Client played game at Vietravel’s booth
As a leading tour operator in Vietnam, Vietravel has always cared of tourism promotion activities.
Domestically, Vietravel has contributed to the success of Ho Chi Minh City Tourism Festival, the International Travel Expo for years,..
In 2013, Vietravel is proud of having been the first and only travel company of Vietnam receiving awards from the World Travel Awards (WTA) and awards from the TTG Travel Awards held by TTG Asia Magazine for three consecutive years 2011, 2012 and 2013.
Vietravel Branch in Vinh City
No.6 Adjacency - Block C1 – Tecco Building –Quang Trung Street – Vinh City.
Tel: 038 3552299 – Fax: 038 356610
VIETRAVEL ACTS TOWARDS TEACHERS AND PUPILS OF BAN KHOANG LOWER SECONDARY SCHOOL (SA PA) SUFFERING FROM NATURAL DISASTERS
In the morning, October 2nd 2013, Vietravel branches in the North (Lao Cai, Hanoi and Hai Phong) in coordination with Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association offered gifts and warm clothes to teachers and pupils of Ban Khoang lower secondary school (Sa Pa) suffering from natural disasters.
The offering session was also attended by leaders of Lao Cai Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Chairperson of Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Lao Cai Province, Chairperson of Lao Cai Red Cross Association, Representative of Sapa Tourism Association and press representatives in Lao Cai.
Mr.Tang Van Toan – Director of Vietravel Lao Cai said that: “With the target of socially and environmentally responsible travel in 2013 by Vietravel, from September 11th to September 20th, the management board and trade union executive board of Vietravel in the North together with enthusiastic support from Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association initiated the donation program and received many clothes, books, notebooks and necessities from Vietravel branches and benefactors.
Mr. Tang Van Toan – Director of Vietravel Lao Cai made a speech at the offering session
Being a travel company, apart from doing business in Lao Cai province, Vietravel in Lao Cai in particular and in the North in general has regularly cared of charity and humanity.
In the program for offering gifts and warm clothes to teachers and pupils of Ban Khoang lower secondary school, Vietravel offered over 500 warm clothes, 6 gifts (each gift valued at VND 1,000,000) to 6 teachers and their families heavily suffering from serious flash flood, and 50 gifts (each gift valued at VND 100,000) for pupils with good and excellent learning outcomes, 500 kg of rice, 225 pairs of shoes, books, notebooks and other necessities for the school.
Representatives of Vietravel and Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association offered gifts to pupils with good and excellent learning outcomes
Gifting to 06 teachers of Ban Khoang lower secondary school and their families
These are significant gifts from the sincere heart of each staff of Vietravel and Lao Cai Young Entrepreneurs’ Association. It is hoped that such practical support will not only help children in the mountainous areas have opportunity to go to school but also help reduce difficulties in life for their parents, relatives and teachers in fostering and educating them.
VIETRAVEL PROMOTES VIETNAM TOURISM IN DUBAI
A celebration party was held by Vietravel at Shangri-la hotel (Dubai) at night, September 30th 2013 to introduce Vietnamese images, culture and gastronomy to leading partners, travel companies and airlines in Dubai.
Mr.Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to The United Arab Emirates was also present at the celebration party.
It can be said that Vietravel has gained prestige in the regional and global travel markets recently.
Thereby, the Vietnam tourism promotion in Dubai this time is under the strategy for development of two-way travel from Dubai to Vietnam and from Vietnam to Dubai.
Vietravel has opened tour route to Dubai since 2008 up to now and for two recent years, Dubai tour has become one of the hottest tours in the distant travel market, apart from tours to the United States, Europe and South Africa, there have been also tours to Dubai and Mauritius Island.
At the celebration party, Vietravel introduced to partners in Dubai with Vietnamese traditional melodies, unique gastronomy together with significant gifts.
All of which were very impressive to partners and guests.
Speaking at the celebration party, Mr.Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to the United Arab Emirates has affirmed his support to and appreciation of Vietravel in promoting, introducing Vietnam tourism in Dubai in particular and in the United Arab Emirates in general.
This was a good opportunity for Vietravel to pioneer in approaching by its capacity and strategic steps.
Vietravel would also receive WTA Award at Annatara Dubai the Palm Resort &amp; Spa at 7 p.m,October 1st 2013 (UAE local time).
Below are some typical images that we recorded at the Vietravel Celebration Party in Dubai:
Guests and partners attended Vietravel Celebration Party in Dubai
Mr. Tran Ngoc Thach - Ambassador Extraordinary &amp; Plenipotentiary of S.R Vietnam to The United Arab Emirates attended Vietravel celebration party in Dubai
Mr. Tran Doan The Duy – Deputy General Director of Vietravel introduced on Vietravel and expressed his desire that cooperation between Vietravel and partners in Dubai would be more and more developed and close-knit in the future
VIETRAVEL NHA TRANG SPONSORS AND HOSTS VIETRAVEL CUP MINI FOOTBALL TOURNAMENT
To commemorate the World Tourism Day (September 27th), and to create close relations with local press agencies, Vietravel Nha Trang sponsored and hosted the first Vietravel Cup Mini Football Tournament 2013.
Vietravel Nha Trang’s football team took part in the tournament together with football teams of local press agencies.
The tournament was held at the coastal city of Nha Trang with the participation of 4 teams from Vietravel Nha Trang, Khanh Hoa Newspaper, Thanh Nien Newspaper, and the resident correspondents’ club in Khanh Hoa province.
Each football team included 5 players on the field.
The teams competed in a single round robin format. Any team among them wining the highest scores would win the championship and Vietravel Cup.
Vietravel Nha Trang’s football team actively practiced in preparation for the tournament to win the highest result.
The team competed wholeheartedly and devoted fair play moments, raised the friendly spirit and close and united relations with local press agencies.
Although it was the first time Vietravel Nha Trang sponsored and hosted such a tournament, it was well successful.
In addition, the tournament also made contribution to enhancing relationship with local press agencies, facilitating communication of Vietravel trademark in the Central Region of Vietnam.
In recent years, Vietravel has not only done business excellently but also become one of leading entities in social and environmental activities.
A part from joining annual sport festival of entire Vietravel, leaders and staffs of Vietravel have also actively joined sport tournaments hosted by relevant agencies and other organizations.
Some images recorded at the tournament:
Vietravel Nha Trang’s football team
Thanh Nien Newspaper’s football team
Football team of the resident correspondents’ club in Khanh Hoa province
Khanh Hoa Newspaper’s football team
The Organizing Board offered pennants football teams
Football teams devoted fair play moments
With final result, Vietravel Nha Trang won the championship
VIETNAM DIVE CENTER (VINADIVING) OPENS MARINE RESCUE DIVER TRAINING COURSE 2013
In the morning, September 23rd 2013, Vietnam Dive Center – Vinadiving (under Vietravel) in coordination with the HCMC Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department opened “Marine rescue diver training course 2013” for police directly in charge of rescue work in the coastal city of Nha Trang.
Conducted according to a plan of HCMC Fire Prevention and Fighting Police Department on marine rescue diving training 2013 for police directly in charge of rescue work, the Marine rescue diver training course 2013 would be conducted for 10 days in Nha Trang and 20 days in Ho Chi Minh City.
35 polices would be trained in terms of diving skills from the basic to advanced and rescue levels by Vinadiving.
Upon completion of the course, each police would be granted with Certificate of professional rescue diver by the Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI).
Vinadiving is an affiliated unit of Vietravel and has been also the first diving center established in Vietnam since 1997.
With strong developments, Vinadiving has been satisfying every demand of clients, ensuring good service quality, absolute safety for visitors attending diving courses or diving tours and also affirmed to be the leading diving center at present.
VIETRAVEL RESPONDS TO MAKING THE WORLD CLEANER CAMPAIGN
The “Making the World Cleaner” Campaign initiated by Australia since 1993 and launched globally by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) has become an important annual international environmental event.
The campaign, which has been held on the third week of September annually, has attracted participation of hundreds of millions of people and over 130 nations.
Accordingly, Vietnam has actively responded to the campaign since 1994 up to now, and ministries, bodies, localities and people of different social strata in Vietnam have been enthusiastically responded to it as well.
The campaign this year is titled as: “Our Place… Our Planet… Our Responsibility”.
Being a leading travel company in Vietnam with its branches and offices nationwide, apart from excellent business, Vietravel has also paid special attention to socially responsible activities.
In 2013, Vietravel has launched the “For clean travel environment” program with a view to realizing the U.N Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) – “Ensuring environmental sustainability”; honoring cultural consciousness of Vietnamese people getting tours in terms of preservation and protection of environment and landscapes.
Thereby, Vietravel in coordination with Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, and Youth Union in cities and provinces nationwide held launching ceremonies for environmental protection, sanitation, offering autolytic nylon bags to local people.
Concurrently, for visitors getting tours, Vietravel encouraged them in keeping green and clean travel environment by specific activities as follows:
Vietravel offered autolytic nylon bags to visitors;
Encouraging visitors to dispose of waste in the right place and raise high sense of using environmentally-friendly autolytic bags;Tourist guides encouraged visitors to collect waste in cars during their tours;
In addition, Vietravel also encouraged visitors getting tours to join other activities such as: planting trees, collecting waste at parks and on beaches, saving and protecting water resources, educational activities on raising the community’s awareness of environment in responding to the “The “Making the World Cleaner” Campaign.
Socially responsible travel is not a new concept but defined to be the throughout long term and consistent target in sustainable development that needs pioneers and Vietravel has been fulfilling its undertakings with the society actively and bringing about great social effects constituting a beacon for everyone to follow.
Vietravel has officially launched the “For a green and clean travel environment” program since 2013
The program has been continuously launched in cities and provinces nationwide
The program has been actively supported by the community
Vietravel has continuously called for the sharing from the community and visitors
VIETRAVEL VUNG TAU ORGANIZES “AFFECTIONATE FULL-MOON NIGHT” FOR POOR CHILDREN
With a view to bringing about such a significant full-moon night for children in difficult circumstances, on September 18th 2013, Vietravel Vung Tau organized “affectionate full-moon night” for children and families in difficult circumstances in Long Dien district, Ba Ria – Vung Tau province.
With animated drumbeats, colorful and sparkling light, children and families in difficult circumstances enjoyed such a significant, laughing and happy full-moon night.
This was an annual activity conducted and maintained by Vietravel Vung Tau.
In the festival night, Vietravel Vung Tau offered 100 full-moon gifts to children and gifts to local poor families.
This was such a significant activity implemented by Vietravel Vung Tau with a view to fulfilling its social responsibility, sharing and bringing about happiness to those in difficult circumstances.
Representative of Vietravel Vung Tau offered gifts to local people
Offering gifts to children
Children had such a significant full-moon night
VIETRAVEL AWARDED WITH THE “BEST OUTBOUND TRAVEL OPERATOR OF THE YEAR FOR VIETNAM” AWARD FOR THE FIFTH CONSECUTIVE TIME BY FIVE TOURISM MINISTRIES
Under the framework of the International Travel Expo Ho Chi Minh City 2013 (ITE HCMC 2013), the Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA2013 was officially held at the White Palace Convention Center on September 11th 2013, and Vietravel was honorably awarded with the “best outbound travel operator of the year for Vietnam” award.
The “Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards” has been annually held to vote and honor leading tour operators in the Region.
The “Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA 2013” this year was attended by tour operators coming from five countries namely: Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar and Thailand.
Representing Vietnam, Vietravel was honorably awarded with the “Best outbound travel operator of the year for Vietnam” award for the fifth consecutive time.
Vietravel satisfied all voting criteria of the award in terms of: new and diversified tour products; reasonable price; diversified options for visitors; good quality customer services with criteria: obtaining trust from consumers, interested by the press, awards; sustainable tourism development in close connection with practical activities.
Mr. Vo Quang Lien Kha – Deputy General Director of Vietravel received the award at MTAA 2013
This award was the acknowledgement of clients, prestigious tour operators in terms of quality and tourist services of Vietravel.
This was the result of constant effort and improvement aimed at better serving clients and making contribution to tourism development of Vietnam.
This encouragement would be a motive force for Vietravel to constantly make efforts and better serve clients as well as affirm its pioneering position as the leading tour operator in Vietnam.
NEW HIGHLIGHTS OF VIETRAVEL AT ITE 2013:
The International Travel Expo (ITE) 2013 titled as “Vietnam – Oriental Colors - Kaleidoscope” will be held at the Saigon Exhibition &amp; Convention Center (SECC), Phu My Hung from 12th to 14th September 2013.
Vietravel will bring about a Vietnamese cultural space which is imbued with Vietnamese cultural tradition and emotional.
This is the 9th year ITE has been annually held in Ho Chi Minh City with a view to maintaining the targets to attract buyers coming from markets in the world to seek for opportunities of cooperation for mutual development in services, tourism with countries in the Southeast Asian countries. In which, ITE has attracted participation of Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Myanmar with more and more improved quality and has become the most significant travel event in the Mekong Region.
Vietravel is proud of have been the “Official carrier and official tour operator of ITE 2013 in Ho Chi Minh City”.
Vietravel is one of leading tour operators in Vietnam in operating tours for international visitors for years with many attractive products ranging from discovery and adventure tours to MICE tours, tours to experience local life and learn about culture of regions domestically and internationally.
This year, Vietravel will join ITE 2013 at booth C18, with its title “Vietnam – Oriental Colors - Kaleidoscope”.
On an area of 36m2, Vietravel will introduce a Vietnamese cultural space in the past and at present with daily life images which arouse much of emotion in mind of audiences, on ancient quarter in Hanoi with animated living and trading views, Hoi An Ancient Town tranquil and peaceful by the side of Hoai River, ancient building currently used as the headquarters of the People’s Committee of Ho Chi Minh City…
From 9 a.m to 5 p.m every day during the ITE, Vietravel will introduce to domestic and international visitors with a series of new autumnal tours, demand-stimulus tours in coordination with its partners.
Vietravel will also operate sightseeing tours for international buyers to discover famous tourist destinations in Vietnam.
Thereby, U.S buyers will visit Da Nang – Hoi An; German buyers will visit Phan Thiet; British, Italian and Canadian buyers will visit Phan Thiet and Indonesian buyers will visit Ho Tram – Vung Tau.
A part from activities and events, Vietravel is also voted and awarded with Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards – MTAA 2013 with title “Outbound Travel Operator of the Year for Vietnam”.
The Award Ceremony will be held at the White Palace Convention Center with Mekong Tourism Alliance Awards (MTAA) Ceremony – with the theme Mekong Colors Festival Night.
VIETRAVEL LONG XUYEN IN COMPANIONSHIP WITH THE “GIVING ADDED STRENGTH TO SCHOOL” PROGRAM
Succeeding activities for the community in 2013, Vietravel Long Xuyen followed up the “Giving added strength to school” program to offer bicycles and learning aids to pupils of schools in Long Xuyen city, Tri Ton district, and Thoai Son district of An Giang province.
Representatives of Vietravel Long Xuyen were present at the opening ceremony of the new school year at Dinh My lower secondary school (Thoai Son district, An Giang province) on September 5th 2013 and offered 5 bicycles to excellent pupils in difficult circumstances.
Happiness to receive new bicycles as means of going to school brightly appeared in the eyes and smiles of pupils.
This was also happiness and motive force for Vietravel to continue its mission of sharing for the community by practical activities.
Representative of Vietravel Long Xuyen offered bicycles to pupils at the opening ceremony of the new school year
Actively in social activities, Vietravel has pioneered in launching many significant programs and activities and successfully called for the sharing from the community.
In 2013, Vietravel launched the “Travel for a clean and green environment” program in Ho Chi Minh City, provinces and cities nationwide.
This program was largely cared and supported by visitors and people.
Also in 2013, Vietravel has also launched the second “Vietravel in companionship with Vietnamese talents” scholarship program 2013.
Thereby, Vietravel would offer 43 scholarships (VND 10,000,000/scholarship) to new excellent students in difficult circumstances of universities nationwide.
Vietravel branches in cities and provinces would also launch specific and appropriates programs.
In the coming time, Vietravel Long Xuyen would continue offering bicycles and learning aids to pupils of other schools in the province.
Road to school has been shorter thanks to gifts offered by Vietravel
VIETRAVEL HAI PHONG FOLLOWED UP “FOR GREEN ENVIRONMENT OF THE SEA AND ISLANDS” PROGRAM
In the morning, 6th September 2013, Vietravel Hai Phong in coordination with the branch of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd in Hai Phong followed up the “For green environment of the sea and islands” program at Cat Ba islandish district.
This was a practical activity showing the effect and pervasion of the “Travel for green and clean environment” program launched by Vietravel in 2013.
Vietravel Hai Phong and branch of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd in Hai Phong, that booked “Hai Phong – Cat Ba” tour for its staff at Vietravel, coordinated in holding a voluntary day of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd in Hai Phong.
Thereby, hundreds of staffs of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd and Vietravel Hai Phong together joined the “For green environment of the sea and islands” program.
Volunteers swept garbage at Tung Thu beach (Hai Phong) and propagandized to visitors and local people on the sense of environmental protection.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Mr.Michael Zhang – General Director of GE Vietnam Co.,Ltd said that: “This is a significant social activity bringing about active effect to the environment.
This is also an occasion for GE staffs to remember and raise high sense of environmental protection, thereby to become ambassadors of the environment at their work and living places.”
Vietravel has officially launched the “Travel for a green and clean environment” program firstly in Ho Chi Minh City since February 2013.
In other cities and provinces nationwide, Vietravel in coordination with such localities has successively followed up phases in 2013.
In addition, Vietravel has also flexibly included social and environmental activities in tour products to call for the participation of visitors.
This program has been actively cared and supported by the community, especially corporate clients.
Thanks to such support and coordination, Vietravel together with entities has designed holiday and sightseeing tours in combination with social activities to make them extended and pervasive to everyone.
CEREMONY OF NEW COMMUNIST PARTY MEMBERS ADMISSION ORGANIZED BY VIETRAVEL
On August 3rd 2013, Vietravel Party Committee organized the Ceremony of New Communist Party Members Admission to admit five applicants who are excellent staff of Vietravel with consistent political virtue and have made significant contributions to the development of Vietravel.
Vietravel is not only the leading prestigious tour operator in Vietnam but also a pioneer in social and charitable activities towards the community.
In addition, Vietravel has also focused on fostering knowledge and developing a qualified group of staff with excellently professional qualification to satisfy its business needs in the period of international integration.
In parallel with business, Vietravel has also enhanced developing new communist party members from its excellent staff with consistent political virtue in order to realize its designed targets.
With such targets, on August 3rd 2013, Vietravel Party Committee organized the Ceremony of New Communist Party Members Admission to admit five applicants including comradeNguyen Tan Long (Deputy Director of Green Leaf Tour Center), comrade Do Tan Cao Phu(Deputy Head of Information Technology Department), comrade Duong Quang Binh (Deputy Director of Vietravel Branch in Da Nang), comrade Tran Thi Ngoc Tu (Vietravel Branch in Da Nang), and comrade Nguyen The Hung (Information Technology Department).
This event once again shows the care of Vietravel Party Committee in finding, fostering and admitting qualified applicants to the communist party and building up strong Vietravel Party Committee.
This is also great encouragement for staff to constantly study, self-improve and make efforts to fulfill their works at any working positions, and more qualified applicants will be admitted to the communist party in the coming time.
Leaders and staff of Vietravel faithfully congratulate five new communist party members and hope to see their constant contributions to the development of Vietravel.
Below are some images of the Ceremony of New Communist Party Members Admission:
Comrades admitted to the communist party took their oaths
Comrade Nguyen Quoc Ky – Secretary of the Party Committee awarded Decision on Party Member Admission and congratulatory flowers to new communist party members
OPEN TENNIS TOURNAMENT OF TENNIS CLUBS IN BINH DINH PROVINCE – VIETRAVEL CUP 2013
A part from Vietravel’s sponsoring for national tennis championships in 2013 with sponsoring value amounted to VND 2 billion, Vietravel has also sponsored for the Open Tennis Tournament of Tennis Clubs in Binh Dinh province – Vietravel Cup 2013.
The opening ceremony will be started at Quy Nhon stadium at 17h00 on July 26th 2013.
It can be said that in support to events of culture and sports in Vietnam, Vietravel has been the most active entity in sponsoring regional cultural events such as: the Traditional Boat Race of Hue Festival in 2008, Bac Ha Horse Race – Lao Cai in 2012, and in 2013, Vietravel would sponsor for other cultural festivals in other regions such as Bay Nui (Seven Mountains) Bull-Racing Festival in An Giang…
In addition, one of sports specially sponsored by Vietravel is tennis which is regarded as an impressive point because it attracts a large number of fans to practise.
A part from sponsoring for National Tennis Championships hosted by Vietnam Tennis Federation (VTF) from 2012 to 2015, Vietravel has also financially supported to open tennis tournaments at the regional level hosted by provinces, of which the Open Tennis Tournament of Tennis Clubs in Binh Dinh province – Vietravel Cup 2013 hosted by Binh Dinh province has attracted over 150 tennis players from 8 provinces and cities namely Quang Ngai, Gia Lai, Dak Lak, Khanh Hoa, Lam Dong, Quang Nam, and Ninh Thuan.
Vietravel has been the main sponsor for the National Tennis Championships in the period 2012 - 2015
(Photo: The Team Tennis National Championship – Vietravel Cup 2013 held at Tuyen Son Tennis Court, Danang)
The opening ceremony will be started at 17h00 on July 26th and the closing ceremony will be ended at 18h00 on July 28th 2013 at Quy Nhon stadium as expected.
This tournament is promisingly hoped to be good and attract a large number of spectators in Binh Dinh province and become a regular tournament of Binh Dinh province.
Vietravel has honor to be the main sponsor for this tournament.
VIETRAVEL RAISED FUND IN SUPPORT TO THE “FISHING-NETS OF LOVE FOR FISHERMEN IN PARACEL ISLANDS AND SPRATLY ISLANDS” PROGRAM
On July 20th 2013, Vietravel in coordination with the Labour Newspaper and Vietnam General Confederation of Labour launched the “Fishing-nets of love for fishermen in Paracel Islands and Spratly Islands” program which was one of events of the Year of socially responsible travel in 2013.
A part from the business target to achieve turnover of VND 3,000 billion in 2013, Vietravel also determined that the year 2013 was the year of socially and environmentally responsible travel.
Of which, for socially responsible activities, Vietravel always pioneered in launching many programs suchas: raising charitable fund for “Warm coats for children in need” program – warm coats were prepared by Vietravel staff and visitors to gift to the elderly and children in mountainous areas, imbued with sentimental attachment or “Life for Light” fund aimed at free ocular surgery for about 1,800 poor patients nationwide since 2010 up to now. Succeeding such activities, in summer 2013, in the North Vietnam, Vietravel in coordination with the Labour Newspaper and Vietnam General Confederation of Labour raised fund in suppor to the “Fishing-nets of love for fishermen in Paracel Islands and Spratly Islands” program.
The program would be launched at all Vietravel branches in the North Vietnam ranging from Lao Cai, Hanoi to Hai Phong.
The special characteristic of this program was that Vietravel not only encouraged its staff to join the program but also popularized to each visitor to join such significant humanity program.
Staff of Vietravel branch in Hanoi joined the program
Thereby, fund for the “Fishing-nets of love” program would be raised by sending message, cost of each message would be VND 14,000.
Clients booking for tours with Vietravel sending supportive message would not be charged for cost of message, but to be directly deducted from their tour costs.
As such, for each tour booked with Vietravel, clients successfully made contribution to raising fund for the program and brought about opportunities for compatriot fishermen to have peace of mind and live with the sea.
According to Ms, Ngoc, a client of Vietravel, as known about this program, said that: “ I am very emotional to think that such small amount of money would contribute to sharing difficulties and misfortune of fishermen and helping them have peace of mind to hold on to the land, the sea.
And when the program is launched, I will join”.
Staff of Vietravel branch in Lao Cai actively joined the program immediately after the program was launched
The program was launched at Vietravel branch in Hai Phong
Happiness on each face of poor fishermen was a great encouragement for staff of Vietravel to constantly work and continue contributing to the society because the business mission was in close connection with the responsibility to the community and better living environmental protection.
The program, as expected, would attract the participation of 4,000 – 5,000 clients in the North Vietnam and if successful, it would be launched nationwide.
Vietravel hoped that, with such significant humanity program, all staff of Vietravel as well as staff of other companies and clients would further understand and sympathize with the life of poor fishermen fishing in the Paracel Islands and Spratly Islands, and practically support and continue joining the next charitable and voluntary programs of Vietravel.
THAILAND TOURS WITH SPECIAL DISCOUNT
Vietravel has offered a new and attractive promotional program.
Thereby, the first 30 clients (of each tour) booking for Thailand tours with date of departure from August 3rd 2013 to August 27th 2013 will get shocking and special discount.
Concretely, there will be many Thailand tours departed each day and for each tour, Vietravel will offer special discount for the first 30 clients booking for Thailand tour with date of departure from August 3rd 2013 to August 27th 2013.
Thereby, VND 1,000,000 will be discounted for the 1st to 10th clients, and VND 500,000 will be discounted for the 11th to 20th clients, and VND 200,000 will be discounted for the 21st to 30th clients.
This promotional program is applicable to Vietravel’s clients departing from Ho Chi Minh City.
This is a “booking early, getting best price” strategy launched by Vietravel with a view to providing maximal support to clients booking Thailand tour on this summer occasion.
At present, Vietravel has the highest frequency of Thailand tours departure with 4 to 8 tours departed each day, so that clients can get Thailand tour at any time in the day with Vietravel, there is no need to take much time to choose because the core values of the tour expected are: High satisfaction to service quality, hospitable, professional and responsible serving attitude, and also constituting the best competitive price in the travel industry, which are regarded as prerequisite factors by Vietravel in serving and developing its trademark, trusted and supported by a large number of clients.
For consecutive years, Vietravel has been recognized by the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) as the tour operator organizing Thailand tours with the highest number of tourists together with "The Friends of Thailand" award.
he Temple of the Emerald Buddha and the Grand Palace are two famous destinations that you should visit when traveling to Thailand
Further information about Thailand tours is available at: https://travel.com.vn/du-lich/221/519-All-0/0/0000/danh-sach-tour.aspx
VIETRAVEL OFFERS SCHOOL BAGS FROM JULY 15TH 2013
It can be said that customer care is an art; an enterprise should quickly understand demands and offer options for clients to easily choose and perceive enthusiastic preparation of such enterprise.
Among clients, kid “God” is easily ignored, but it is contrary at Vietravel.
Kids have much time to entertain in summer in compensation for learning days to get energy for a new school year.
Many kids travel with their families overseas to get further knowledge of cultures and new discoveries.
To satisfy such demands, Vietravel, a part from offering new tours for families to Thailand, the United States with regionally and globally famous entertainment areas, has also applied its policy of special gifts offered to kids at the age less than 12 getting outbound tour with their families at Vietravel.
Gift is a pretty school bag featuring animated summer as impression of summer holidays 2013.
This program is applicable in Ho Chi Minh City and in the Southeastern provinces (Dong Nai, Vung Tau, Binh Duong) from July 15th to emptiness of gifts.
Kids will have two options to receive special gift that is a school bag or a gift offered under the tour.
All gifts are also attractive and particularly convenient but school bag is an option that kids should care of because summer is going by and a new school year is coming.
School bag – a significant gift offered by Vietravel to pupils on the occasion of new school year
At present, Vietravel offers new Thailand family tours on this summer occasion to families with kids with two travel itineraries for 5 days and 6 days.
Such tours are not only attractive in terms of price, but also open up an opportunity for kids to discover new destinations such as: Dream World, Underwater World…while adults will be still comfortable to visit Pattaya coastal city and Bangkok. shopping paradise.
It is known that Dream World, that is located at the center of Bangkok Capital, and regarded as the little Disneyland, is the leading amusement park in Thailand, interested by Thai people who usually take their children to entertain here at weekends and on summer holidays.
There are many extremely exciting entertainment activities and for kids ranging from light to strong feeling games such as “Hollywood action”.
A part from games, Dream World also attracts kids by legendary space with characters from legendary stories.
The park has been divided into several zones with main destinations namely Fantasy Land, Dream Garden, Dream World Plaza and Adventure Land.
Among them, Fantasy Land is the land of legendary stories with Cinderella, Frog Prince, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs…
Dream Garden is a legendary flower garden with colorful flowers blossoming in four seasons.
Dream World Plaza brings about European space with paths filled with colorful flowers that you can take photographs pleasingly, and Adventure Land is a destination where you will have opportunity to experience action games, mysterious adventures.
If not available with opportunity to discover oceanic life in the cool sea water, our kids can still have opportunity to wallow in the lively space of the Underwater World which is the largest and most modern ocean aquarium in the South East Asia.
The aquarium houses more than 4,000 marine animals, comprising more than 200 different species.
You will walk a round the state-of-the-art acrylic underwater tunnel through an underwater environment filled with dozens of colorful marine species and coral reef as if you were walking in the ocean.
There are also sharks and smaller creatures living in this underwater world, it is very exciting for you to discover and take photographs at any time and from anywhere.
New Thailand family tour information:
NEW “BANGKOK - PATTAYA” TOUR (5 days)
Price: ranging from VND 6,690,000/pax
Departure: on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday every week
NEW “BANGKOK - PATTAYA” TOUR (6 days)
Price: ranging from VND 6,990,000 /pax
Departure: 11, 16, 25 /6 ; 2, 09, 14, 23, 30/7
Contact: Vietravel - 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
Tel: (08) 3822 8898 - Ext: 150, 151, 152.
Hotline: 0938 301388.
Vietravel booking offices in Ho Chi Minh City:
• Nguyen Hue: 75 Nguyen Hue Street, Ben Nghe Ward, District 1, Tel: (08) 3914 1301
• Bui Vien: 37 Bui Vien Street, Pham Ngu Lao Ward, District 1, Tel: (08) 3920 9373
• Tan Dinh: 35 Tran Quoc Toan Street, Ward 8, District 3, Tel: (08) 3820 6777
 • Cho Lon: 30 Chau Van Liem Street, Ward 10, District 5, Tel: (08) 3853 723
 • Phu My Hung: 1409 Nguyen Van Linh Street, Tan Phong Ward, District 7, Tel: (08) 5412 2777
• District 10: 505 Le Hong Phong Street, Ward 3, District 10, Tel: (08) 3835 6460
 • District 11: 1456E 3/2 Street, Ward 2, District 11, Tel: (08) 3969 9439
 • Cong Hoa: 492 Cong Hoa Street, Ward 13, Tan Binh District, Tel: (08) 3810 2409
 • Au Co: 286 Au Co Street, Ward 9, Tan Binh District, Tel: (08) 3975 5011
 • Tan Binh: 1130 CMT8 Street, Ward 4, Tan Binh District, Tel: (08) 3948 2232
 • Phu Nhuan: 32A Phan Dang Luu Street, Binh Thanh District, Tel: (08) 3551 2345
 • Quang Trung: 37 Quang Trung Street, Ward 10, Go Vap District, Tel: (08) 3989 9334
 • Thu Duc: 142 Vo Van Ngan Street, Thu Duc District, Tel: (08) 3722 5507/508.
Vietravel branches in the South-Eastern Region and the South-Western Region of Vietnam:
• DONG NAI: 242 30/4 Street, Thanh Binh Ward, Bien Hoa City, Tel: (0613) 948 930
• BINH DUONG: 655 CMT8 Street, Phu Cuong Ward, Thu Dau Mot Town, Binh Duong, Tel: (0650) 38 82 888
• VUNG TAU: 17 Ba Cu Street, Ward 1, Vung Tau City, Tel: (064) 38 38 138
• BA RIA TRANSACTION OFFICE ( VUNG TAU BRANCH): 33 Le Quy Don Street, Phuoc Trung Ward, Ba Ria City, Tel: (064) 37 38 338
• CAN THO: No.5 Tran Van Kheo Street, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho City, Tel: (0710) 376 3085
• LONG XUYEN : 23A Ly Thai To Street, My Long Ward, Long Xuyen City, Tel: (076) 3923567
• PHU QUOC: No.53, 30/4 Street, Duong Dong Town, Phu Quoc District, Kien Giang, Tel: (077) 3996 544.
And Vietravel's branches and offices nationwide or visit our online booking website atwww.travel.com.vn
VIETRAVEL TRAINING CENTER (VIETC) – FORMATION AND DEVELOPMENT AFTER 4 YEARS AND ITS LEADING QUALITY OF TRAINING IN TOURISM AFFIRMED
The 4th Anniversary (17/7/2009 – 17/7/2013) of Vietravel Training Center (VIETC) was formally held on July 19th 2013.
For 4 years of development, VIETC has affirmed its position as the leading prestigious provider of tourism training in Vietnam up to now.
VIETC under Vietravel was established on July 17th 2009 with targets aimed at training high quality human resource for Vietravel in particular, for tourism industry of Ho Chi Minh City and nationwide in general.
Over each stage of formation and development, VIETC has hold tens of travel operations training courses and successfully trained hundreds of trainees.
Trainees after graduation from the center have also successfully got employment by themselves at travel companies, and many excellent trainees of them have been recruited to work directly for Vietravel.
Also at the 4th Anniversary of VIETC, a course-ending ceremony was held for over 90 trainees of classes namely tour sale and operation, tourist guide, and an opening ceremony for classes tour sale and operation K22, and air ticket booking K4 were also held at this 4th Anniversary as well.
Deeply understanding market demands when corporate clients have had more and more demands on organizing events, animations, teambuilding and gala, since July 2013, VIETC has opened the first training course on “Animation and Event Management Skills” with training duration for 2.5 months, flexibly held at nights, and taught by well qualified and experienced lecturers who would provide practically useful knowledge to trainees.
Lecturer Huynh Huu Tam, who is one of the pioneers imparting Teambuilding to Vietnam and the main lecturer of the training subject, said that:”With the “theory-combined practice” training program designed, trainees would have two thirds (2/3) of learning time to practise and experience at Vietravel and practical programs and events, accordingly, after graduation, such trainees would have sufficient knowledge and skills to work effectively”.
Some images of the 4th Anniversary:
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director of Vietravel spoke at the 4th Anniversary
Mr. Nguyen Thanh Hai – Director of Vietravel Training Center spoke at the 4th Anniversary
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director of Vietravel offered congratulatory flowers to lecturers of Vietravel Training Center
Mr. Nguyen Thanh Hai – Director of Vietravel Training Center offered congratulatory flowers to lecturers who are staff of Vietravel
Mr. Nguyen Minh Ngoc – Deputy General Director of Vietravel offered rewards to trainees who excellently passed the final examinations
Course-ending and graduation ceremony
Alumni representative of Vietravel Training Center, who was recruited to work directly for Vietravel,shared her ideas with trainees
Trainees taken photograph with their lecturers at the course-ending ceremony
All have been ready to get successes with their “knowledge and skills”
Contact:
VIETRAVEL TRAINING CENTER
No.35 Tran Quoc Toan Street, Ward 8, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City Tel: (08) 3 820 8129 - Fax: (08) 38 208 130
VIETRAVEL ATTENDED RECRUITMENT AT RMIT CAREERS FAIR
To practically launch vocational guidance and make connection to bringing employment opportunities to students, on July 12th 2013, RMIT University organized Careers Fair 2013 at Nguyen Van Linh Street, District 7, Ho Chi Minh City with many activities set for employers and students.
Vietravel was honored to be the Gold Sponsor and present at the booth No.40 at this careers fair.
The Careers Fair 2013 held by RMIT University was an annual event attracting participation of big companies and groups so that this was a good occasion for students to seek for desired employment opportunities.
The Careers Fair 2013, which was held at the Gymnasium of RMIT University (No.72, Nguyen Van Linh Street, District 7, Ho Chi Minh City) from 9h – 15h on July 12th 2013, attracted nearly 100 employers and expected to welcome approximately 4,000 students.
A lot of students visited Vietravel booth and submitted their application documents
Vietravel booth was located at position No.40 where students would have opportunities to seek for attractive jobs at different positions such as: travel agent, air ticket agent, operator, service procurement staff, accountant, labour export staff, communication specialist, marketing staff, personnel staff, general administrative staff.
Students filled in application forms Students not only found a lot of employment opportunities at Vietravel booth but also specifically advised by Vietravel staff in terms of jobs as well as how to finalize their application documents
Vietravel is the leading tour operator in Vietnam with its development for nearly 18 years, together with over 900 staff.
In order to continue satisfying demands and prepare highly qualified human resource for development strategy and extend domestic and foreign operating network, Vietravel has regularly attended career promotion activities and organized recruitments, including enhancement of direct contacts and recruitment from universities and colleges nationwide.
Vietravel is a dynamic and professional working environment paying the way for the success of young people
Directing towards the vision 2015 – 2020, Vietravel focuses on improving service quality, diversifying product categories towards clients’ interests, thereby the objective is to become the first multi-national tour operator in Vietnam in 2015 and listed in the Top 10 leading tour operators in Asia in 2020.
In order to obtain the designed objective, Vietravel always pays special attention to human resource development, regularly organizes professional training courses for employees.
Vietravel creates a dynamic, professional and friendly working environment and opens opportunities for promotion.
At Vietravel, each staff is a core, an important link to perfect the entire apparatus, pioneers in renovation to bring to clients the best satisfaction and trust.
A NEW TRANSACTION OFFICE OF THE WORLDTICKET (WTS) OPENED
In order to make it easy for clients to transact, a new transaction office of the WorldTicket under Vietnam Travel and Marketing Transports Company (Vietravel) was officially opened at No.90A Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City on July 12th 2013.
The new office is located at the Pasteur &amp; Nguyen Thi Minh Khai crossroads (District 3, HCMC) – No.90A Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City. With such a favourable location in the economic and commercial center of Ho Chi Minh City, it is easy for clients to transact for buying air tickets, train tickets, and passenger services for their travel: hotel reservation; transport service, airport passenger support service, travel insurance agent, Visa &amp; Immigration support service, Free &amp; Easy tour, cruise agent, RailEurope agent…
With earnest investment aimed at bringing to clients a friendly and comfortable place of transaction, professionally trained consultants who have well experienced for nearly 18 years, and with kind support and cooperation from airlines, and leading domestic and foreign prestigious service suppliers, the WorldTicket will always bring to clients satisfaction and trust in using services, and direct towards maximal interests of WTS’s clients.
You can directly transact with WTS from 8:00 – 21:00 everyday, including Saturday, Sunday and Holidays, or contact the Call Center at: 1900 1839 for 24/24 service support.
rofessionally trained and well experienced staff of WTS always bring about best satisfaction to clients
With 24/24 servicing policy, clients are best served and advised at any time on their demand by WTS staff
On this occasion, the WorldTicket has officially opened its website: www.ticketglobal.com which is the first online booking channel in Vietnam, and clients can easily buy tickets from their houses.
And the fast check-in service has been also opened, clients can select their airline seats and check in without queuing up at the airport when they buy tickets at the WorldTicket.
In order to express gratitude to clients, the WorldTicket has offered a special promotional program titled as “Let’s fly with pleasure – instantly get preferences” applicable from July 12th to August 12th 2013 for all clients who buy air tickets at the WorldTicket office - No.90A Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City with attractive preferences as follows:
- Offering 50% of AIG travel premium (from 4 to 6 days) for the first 50 clients buying international air tickets for flights in the Southeast Asian Region.
- Clients transacting, booking air tickets and services online at the website www.ticketglobal.com in the period from July 12th to August 12th 2013 will have opportunity to win “VND 0 air ticket each week”.
Concretely, clients will have opportunity to buy air ticket for the air route from HCMC to Da Nang, Singapore or vice versa from Da Nang, Singapore to HCMC at VND 0.
Accordingly, 16 VND 0 air tickets under this program will be randomly set on corresponding air tickets at the website www.ticketglobal.com.
And clients upon making online payment for air tickets will receive random wining notice from the system.
If wining, he or she will be refunded with all amounts for air ticket paid before that at WTS.
Booking air tickets and services online at the website www.ticketglobal.com on the opening occasion, clients will have opportunity to win “VND 0 air ticket each week”.
In addition, clients will also have opportunity to join the promotional “Hello Summer 2013” program titled as “Let’s get easy summer tour – win a stylish motorbike” launched by Vietravel from May 20th to August 17th 2013.
Accordingly, with each VND 10,000,000 paid, clients will get 01 lucky draw with opportunity to win 01 Yamaha Nouvo GP motorbike each week and special prize at the end of the term would be 01 pair of Yamaha Nouvo GP motorbikes.
Contact information:
WORLDTICKET - No.90A Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
Call center: 1900 18 39
Website: www.ticketglobal.com
VIETRAVEL FINANCIALLY SPONSORED FOR THE 6TH NATIONAL TOURISM ART PHOTO “VIETNAM – TIMELESS CHARM” CONTEST
After 5 months of launch, the 6th National Tourism Art Photo “Vietnam – Timeless Charm” Contest held by Vietnam Tourism Review under the direction of Vietnam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) and with coordination and sponsorship by Vietnam Association of Photographic Artists attracted enthusiastic participation of domestic and foreign photographers.
The Organizing Board received 6,466 photos (including 6,011 color photos, 455 black and white photos) by 590 authors from 61 provinces and cities nationwide.
Hanoi accounted for the highest number of authors joining the contest with 114 authors and 1,599 photos, Ho Chi Minh City with 73 authors and 874 photos.
The Organizing Board selected 164 arts works of which there were 12 prize arts works to display at the 6th National Tourism Art Photo “Vietnam – Timeless Charm” Exhibition at the Information and Exhibition Center, 45 Trang Tien Street, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi from 5th to 9th July 2013.
Speaking at the Award Ceremony, VNAT’s Deputy Director General Nguyen Manh Cuong – Head of the Organizing Board expressed that “the 6th National Tourism Art Photo “Vietnam – Timeless Charm” Contest has attracted the highest number of authors and arts works ever before, with quality highly appreciated by the Board of Examiners.
This is a diversified and valuable material reserve for organizations, enterprises to popularize and introduce images of the country &amp; people of Vietnam to domestic and foreign visitors.
We are proud of images of the country &amp; people of Vietnam via the contest works…”
As the leading tour operator in Vietnam, Vietravel was honored to be the sponsor for this Contest with a view to making contribution to popularizing Vietnam tourism images via moments of life and lands – which would be ideal destinations for domestic and foreign visitors.
Vietravel respectfully congratulates winners of this Contest
01 First Prize:
Arts work: Hospitality - Author: Vu Thanh Chung (Hanoi)
02 Second Prizes:
Arts work: Floating market on New Year’s Eve – Author: Nguyen Bach Thao (Vinh Long)
Arts work: Animated My Son - Author: Vo Dong Bay (Thua Thien – Hue)
Arts work: Ron rang My Son (Animated My Son)
03 Third Prizes:
Arts work: Sa Pa beauty – Author: Vu Ngoc Hoang (Khanh Hoa)
Arts work: Rhythm on the river – Author: Tran Vu Dzung (Ho Chi Minh City)
Arts work: Paddy fragnance – Author: Tuan Nghia (Yen Bai)
Arts work: Nhip dieu tren song (Rhythm on the river)
06 Consolation Prizes:
Arts work: Buffalo killing festival of the Catu ethnic minority in Quang Nam – Author: Ong Van Sinh (Da Nang)
Arts work: Ban Gioc Waterfall Timeless Charm - Author: Nguyen Minh Tan (Ho Chi Minh City)
Arts work: Mu Cang Chai Terraced Fields - Author: Binh Nguyen (Ninh Binh)
Arts work: Resounding Forever - Author: Tran Nhan Quyen (Hanoi)
Arts work: Lighthouse on Cat Ba – Long Chau Island - Author: Vu Dzung (Hai Phong)
Arts work: Spratly Islands - Author: Vu Hai.
500 POOR PATIENTS IN KHANH KHOA PROVINCE SPONSORED BY VIETRAVEL FOR OCULAR SURGERY
On 27th and 28th June 2013, Vietravel coordinated with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients, Ninh Hoa Hospital, and Cam Ranh Hospital to perform ocular surgery for 500 poor patients in Khanh Hoa province.
This was one of events of the Responsible Travel Year 2013 by Vietravel.
With a view to realizing the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) of the United Nations, towards the local community, a part from business target of obtaining turnover of VND 3,000 billion in 2013, since 2012 up to now, Vietravel has been a Main Sponsor, and stood side by side with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients in ocular surgery to light to the poor blinds nationwide.
Up to now, Vietravel has sponsored for 1,800 ocular surgery cases.
Particularly in 2013, Vietravel planned to sponsor for over 600 ocular surgery cases towards compatriots in the Central Region and the Southwestern Region of Vietnam.
On 27th and 28th June 2013, ocular surgery would be performed for about 500 poor patients in Khanh Hoa province at Ninh Hoa Hospital and Cam Ranh Hospital.
Present at the ceremony of eye bandage removal for poor patients were representatives of the provincial authorities, leaders from Vietravel and HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients.
Happiness on each face of poor patients is great encouragement for Vietravel leaders and staff to constantly work and contribute to the society because business mission is in close connection with responsibility to the community, society and makes contribution to protecting better and better living environment.
Vietravel is currently the number one tour operator in Vietnam and in the Top 16 leading tour operators in Asia.
Vietravel has 42 branches and offices nationwide and 5 representative offices, travel agencies in foreign countries such as the United States of America, Thailand, Cambodia.
Particularly in Khanh Hoa province, Vietravel has established the first scuba diving center in Vietnam (Vinadive) at No.
23D Biet Thu, Nha Trang City, and at Nha Trang city center, Vietravel has also opened its branch at No.100 Quang Trung street, Nha Trang City.
As planned, Vietravel will continue coordinating with HCMC Sponsoring Association for Poor Patients, Thot Not Hospital (in Can Tho) to perform ocular surgery for 200 poor patients from the Southwestern provinces in Vietnam on July 9th 2013.
Some images of the ocular surgery program in Khanh Hoa province
Patients instructed for medical formalities by doctors before ocular surgery
Ocular and health examination of patient before ocular surgery
Doctors perform ocular surgery for patient
Vietravel representative removes eye bandage from patients
Doctors re-examine ocular status of patients after ocular surgery
VIETRAVEL BRANCH OPENED IN PHAN THIET
In order to constantly develop a system of branches and offices in key provinces and cities with advantages of tourism nationwide, Vietravel officially opened its 42nd branch in Phan Thiet city on March 26th 2013.
This has been the 3rd branch opened since the beginning of this year up to now, after its two transaction offices opened in Ba Ria and Tan Binh (HCMC).
With a view to quickly satisfying travel demands of clients in Phan Thiet city, Binh Thuan province and adjacent areas, Vietravel has determined Phan Thiet city as a key spot, which is either a spot of departure or spot of arrival by domestic and foreign visitors, and needs investing and expanding.
With such an important position, Vietravel Phan Thiet is making the best of advantages in terms of service quality, reasonable price, high frequency of departures to create its difference in the travel market and attract local clients.
Located at the city center, concretely at No.137 Tran Hung Dao street, Phu Thuy ward, Phan Thiet city, Binh Thuan province, Vietravel Phan Thiet fully offers services, inbound and outbound tours for local people, Groups and Corporations and international visitors.
It also satisfies quickly clients’ demands on air ticket booking, hotel reservation, means of transport, and gastronomy.
Phan Thiet is a coastal city with much potential and strong development of tourism, attracting a lot of domestic and foreign visitors.
Vietravel has soon determined and opened its branch here to better serve its domestic visitors from other regions in Vietram and foreign visitors in Phan Thiet as well as timely satisfy local demands on travel.
Vietravel representative and distinguished guest cut the inauguration band at the Vietravel Phan Thiet Opening Ceremony
It is known that Vietravel has had 42 branches and offices nationwide and 5 representative offices and travel agencies in Thailand, Cambodia, and the United States of America.
With the client-centered approach, Vietravel is a tour operator with the highest number of clients at present to travel markets such as Cambodia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, The United States of America, Europe, Dubai and South Africa.
With close partnership policy, Vietravel always offers competitive price and best services in the markets, and plays the leading position in terms of promotion and after-sales policies for clients, who will feel the difference in terms of Vietravel services, added interests from Vietravel member card, and attractive price reduction policies for use of services of Vietravel’s partners in different fields: fashion, health, shopping, entertainment, education…
In this summer, Vietravel is launching “Hello Summer 2013” promotion program titled as “Let’s get easy summer tour – win a stylish motorbike”, prize each week would be 01 Yamaha Nouvo GP motorbike and special prize at the end of the term would be 01 pair of Yamaha Nouvo GP motorbikes.
This program is held from May 20th to August 17th 2013.
Clients booking tours at Vietravel Phan Thiet will be allowed to join this promotion program with opportunity to win valuable prizes as well as receipt of attractive gifts.
Contact information:
PHAN THIET BRANCH
137 Tran Hung Dao street, Phu Thuy ward, Phan Thiet city, Binh Thuan province
Tel: (062) 3939 879 - 3939 889
Con Vanh- new destination in Thai Binh
Part of the Red River Biosphere Reserve which was recognized by UNESCO in 1994, Con Vanh Ecological Tourist Site is a famous destination.
Con Vanh a rich mangrove forest, a picturesque landscape, pristine beaches and natural tranquility.
The Con Vanh Ecological Tourist Site is located in Nam Phu commune.
Covering nearly 2,000 ha, it’s a relatively flat island, formed by the alluvial deposits built by the river over the years. In the past, people had to row a boat to reach Con Vanh because it is 7 km from the mainland.
Today, travelling there is easier thanks to a road connecting the island with the mainland giving visitors a more romantic way through mangroves and casuarinas forests.
Con Vanh is bordered by a sandy beach of 6 km.
Ta Hong Nhung is from Nghe An:“I was told that Con Vanh is a beautiful site.
When I came here, I found it superb.
The beach is clean.
The sand is not as white as that of other beaches but it is very smooth. It's nice to swim here”.
Ms. Vu Thu Hien is from Quang Ninh province: “Dong Chau, Con Den and Con Vanh are the three popular tourist site in Thai Binh.
Beaches here are beautiful, long and sandy.
The landscape is imposing. The air is pure and fresh. It’s very relaxing”.
Con Vanh has a rich ecosystem. Mangrove forests are inhabited by many rare birds. Brackish marshes are home to more than 200 marine species and 170 species of algae.
Tourists can sample various local specialties: shrimp, mussels, crabs and fish.
Local people are very hospitable.
Ta Thi May, a seller of seafood on the beach:"People here are very open and friendly.
That’s why tourists love to come back.
When the sea is calm, the water is clear.
Each place has its own beauty.
There are beaches good for swimming”.
In Con Vanh, there are no luxury hotels or restaurants, but clean air and unspoiled nature.
To Quoc Huong, Vice President of the Site Management Committee: "The Con Vanh beach stretches 6.8 km. It is beautiful and primitive.
As more and more tourists come, the site management committee has to focus on cleaning up the environment. We have also designated safe areas for swimming and created an emergency and rescue service to ensure the safety of tourists.
The site remains intact with its forests of mangroves and casuarinas.
We will focus on tourism promotion to make Con Vanh an attractive destination.”
To explore wilderness, enjoy fresh air and picturesque scenery, and meet hospitable people, visit Con Vanh before it becomes a tourist mecca!
Amateur singing in Kien Giang province
Kien Giang is an ideal place for those who want peaceful holidays.
It has beautiful islands and a primitive beauty.
Apart from the spectacular scenery and delicious cuisine, tourists should not miss the traditional amateur singing of Kien Giang.
Amateur singing is usually performed by local farmers who love folk music.
With the same lyrics and melody, each performer has his or her way of style.
Researchers said it is the open and free life style of the people by the rivers that is the basis of their improvisational singing.
Most of the local people are descendants of the reclaimers of the southern land, thus their songs contain sad melodies reflecting nostalgia for home and memories of their origins.
Nguyen Thi Thuy, a member of an amateur singing club in My Lam commune, said Kien Giang has 157 clubs with nearly 1,700 members.
Thuy said the club was set up to meet the spiritual life of local people: “The club operates once a month and attracts the participation of many local people. It helps preserve the traditional cultural values of this music style.
Amateur singing is typical of inhabitants of the villages along zigzagging rivers. It brings pleasure to them, helping them to relax after a hard day of work”.
In 2013, amateur singing was recognized by UNESCO as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity. This helps not only to preserve this art genre but also to encourage local amateur singing clubs to develop.
The 2016 amateur singing and reformed theatre festival held in Hon Dat district, Kien Giang province saw the participation of 5 troupes with more than 30 local performers.
The Nguyen Trung Truc festival, held on 26-28 August of the lunar calendar, welcome millions of visitors.
Amateur singing performances at the festivals are always highly appreciated by the audience.
La Van Tai, a member of an amateur singing club in Rach Gia city, said: “Our club operates very often.
It is a chance for the people to meet and exchange songs featuring social and cultural values”.
Amateur singing is a form of entertainment unique for the Mekong River delta.
Nguyen Thu Huong is a tourist from Hai Duong province: “Kien Giang province has many tourist attractions. Apart from its beautiful scenery, the amateur singing is the thing that interests tourists”.
Amateur singing has existed and developed along with the life of people in Kien Giang.
It is an indispensible part of the spiritual life of the people there.
Exploring Ha Tien township in Kien Giang province
Ha Tien is a small township in Kien Giang province. Its 22 km coastline borders the Gulf of Thailand.
Ha Tien boasts magnificent landscapes which attracts lots of tourists.
In the middle of the 17th century, Ha Tien was a deserted region.
But from the 18thcentury, it became a busy commercial port.
In 1714, Mac Kinh Cuu explored the land and offered it to the Nguyen Lord, who later named the land Ha Tien. At that time, Ha Tien covered the whole of Kien Giang province and some adjacent areas.
Local historian Truong Minh Dat said: “The word Ha Tien derives from Ha meaning river and Tien meaning fairy.
Ha Tien means a river where fairies come to bathe on the full-moon day”,
Ha Tien has become famous for several beauty spots including Dong Ho swamp, a place isolated from modern urban life.
The swamp is surrounded with a range of coconut trees.
Mui Nai village, 5 km from Ha Tien downtown is home to the most beautiful beach in Kien Giang province and attracts visitors because of the peaceful waves and beach that inspires visitors to cover themselves with sand to absorb its minerals into their skin.
Not far from Mui Nai are other beautiful spots such as Thach Dong Cave, Chong islet, and Hang pagoda.
About 5 km from Ha Tien, Thach Dong mountain is uniquely shaped. It is 90m above sea level and has a circumference of 45m.
Inside the mountain is Tien Son pagoda, which was built of wood in 1790.
From the mountain side, visitors shave a panoramic view of Ha Tien township.
With its beautiful, peaceful landscape and rich culture, Ha Tien is a special attraction in the southern region.
Dao Thi Nuong, a tourist, says she loves the fresh air and tranquility of Ha Tien: “Ha Tien is also a destination for pilgrims.
From Ha Tien, we can go straight to Phu Quoc and Cambodia.
These three regions can be incorporated to establish a tourist route of the sea and islands, different from that of other 9 Mekong Delta provinces”.
Ha Tien is a meeting place for generations of southerners.
Despite the influx of tourism, the lives of the locals remain undisturbed and the town retains its peacefulness.
Ms Nuong again: “Ha Tien is different from other tourist places.
It has the sea, mountains and estuaries which are the advantages for developing tourism”.
The number of tourists to Ha Tien has increased.
With its unspoiled nature, rich culture and hospitable people, Ha Tien is undoubtedly a popular tourist destination in southern Vietnam.
Kien Giang, a destination of National Tourism Year 2016
Kien Giang province in southwestern Vietnam is one of the best places to explore the Mekong River Delta.
Blessed by nature, Kien Giang is home to the beautiful scenery of Ha Tien and Phu Quoc island and historically famous spots like Chong islet, Chem islet, Phu Tu islet, Mui Nai beach, and U Minh forest.
Kien Giang province has greater tourist potential than most of the other Mekong Delta provinces.
It has become a popular destination for tourists who want to experience historical, cultural, ecological, and marine tourism.
This year, the province is hosting the National Tourism Year 2016 with the theme “Phu Quoc- Mekong River Delta- Exploring the Southern Land”.
Tourist activities scheduled throughout this year will to promote tourism potential, advantages and products of Kien Giang and nearby provinces.
Tran Chi Dung is Director of Kien Giang’s Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism: “This year, we want to attract more foreign tourists.
We’re creating more tours to boost local tourism”.
Kien Giang is one of Vietnam’s 28 coastal cities and provinces.
Its sea covers more than 63,000 square kilometers and its coast is about 200 km. The province has 143 islands, 43 of them inhabited.
These islands and their beautiful beaches represent a great potential for ecological and marine tourism.
Phu Quoc is a popular destination.
Iris Bijlisma is a tourist from the Netherlands: “This is really rare on Earth.
I think I have never seen such a beautiful place”.
Phu Quoc island has some primal forests with a rich system of fauna and flora.
The forests with their multiple streams and lakes provide fresh water for the residents.
The wild natural forests and romantic sea give Phu Quoc an impressive beauty.
Huynh Quang Hung, Deputy Chairman of the Phu Quoc People’s Committee, says there are many projects to upgrade Phu Quoc’s tourism infrastructure.
Once they are completed, Phu Quoc will be able to accommodate more tourists and host major national events.
Hung said: “We hope that the number of visitors to Phu Quoc will increase sharply this year because of the activities we have organized for National Tourism Year.
Many new luxury resorts open this year”.
Kien Giang province has many national historical relics and scenic spots including Hang pagoda, Nguyen Trung Truc Communal House in Rach Gia, the Mui Nai relic site, Thach Dong Cave and the Phu Quoc Church.
U Minh Thuong National Park in Kien Giang province was recognized this year as the 8th Ramsar Site in Vietnam and the 2,228th Ramsar Site in the world.
Da Lat- A city of flowers
Da Lat city in the central highlands province of Lam Dong is called with different names due to its romantic beauty such as “Little Paris”, “City of Pine Forests”, “Land of Mist”... Da Lat’s flowers, lakes and waterfalls attract tourists near and far.
In recent years, Da Lat has been known as the city of Flower Festival.
Since it was organized for the first time in 2005, the biennial festival has attracted a large number of tourists.
During the 5-day Da Lat Flower Festival held early this month, more than 500,000 tourists came to Da Lat.
Chairman of Da Lat Municipal People’s Committee Vo Ngoc Hiep said the Da Lat inspired visitors for its romantic beauty, charm and peace.
Hiep said in addition to promoting the beauty of Da Lat, the Flower Festival introduced the visitors to the city’s floriculture and other local specialties.
Hiep said:“The festival honors the work of horticulturists who perpetuate the iconic art of the city.
The festival created an opportunity to promote Da Lat tourism potential illustrated in flowers, tea, and coffee. Promoting tourism will boost the city’s economic growth”.
Nestled at 1,500 meters above sea level, Da Lat is quiet and pretty all year with mild climate and temperatures oscillating between 15 and 24 degrees. In Da Lat, the climate changes along the day enabling tourists to experience 4 seasons a day.
Da Lat embraces typical natural and cultural features of the Central Highlands.
Nguyen Van Huong, former Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Lam Dong province says Da Lat authorities and people hope to promote Da Lat as a City of Flower Festival: “By planting flowers and trees around the city and in every house, especially in tourist places, we want to create a unique beauty for the city.
We want to encourage everyone in the city to engage in planting trees and flowers in front of houses, offices and tourist places’
The Da Lat Flower Festival mobilized the participation of local authorities, enterprises, and the public.
Dang Bao Vinh is a florist in Thai Phien horticulture village: “There are three horticultural villages in Da Lat: Ha Dong, Van Thanh and Thai Phien.
Each of them has its own beauty.
Van Thanh village specializes in planting roses.
Thai Phien village grows varieties of chrysanthemums”.
In addition to its famous chrysanthemums, Thai Phien also offers eustomas and lilies. 320 out of 400 hectares of horticulture land are devoted to greenhouses.
Thai Phien is the largest horticulture village in Da Lat. Horticulturists have fully taken advantage of technological advances and installed lighting systems and latest generation of watering.
Visiting Van Thanh village, tourists are introduced to horticulture methods and flower harvest.
Feel free to visit the greenhouses and ask for exploring a wide variety of flowers.
There you can also experience a working day of a horticulturist.
Visiting Son La
Located 300 km northwest of Hanoi, Son La province has become a popular tourist destination in recent years because of its various ethnicities, festivals, historical relics and scenic spots.
Son La Museum, the Son La Hydro Power Plant, and hot springs in Mong villages, and peach blossoms, apricot and bauhinia flowers inspire tourists near and far.
There are more than 100 historical and cultural relics in Son La of which Son La prison and Son La museum are the most popular.
Classified as a national relic in 1962, Son La prison is perched atop Khau Ca hill.
Covering an area of 500 m2, Son La prison was built in 1908 by the French colonialists to imprison Vietnamese communists.
Known as hell on earth, its cells were built with solid stones and its high walls were covered with barbed wires and broken glass.
Despite the barbaric tortures, Vietnamese communist soldiers turned their cells hell into a place to communicate Vietnam’s resolution.
The prison has recently been renovated and become a tourist mecca in the northwestern region.
Son La Museum was also built in 1908 by the French.
There, distinctive cultures of 12 local ethnic minority groups in the province can be discovered through thousands of pre-history artifacts.
Collections of 1,000 books, documents, epics, and folk tales and songs of the Thai and Dao ethnicities are kept at the museum.
Nguyen Hai Duong is a guide at the museum: “Covering 14,000 square kilometers, Son La province has 12 ethnic communities, 55% of them are Thai minorities.
These are ancient books of the Thai in Son La who have valuable expertise in paper-making from bamboo fiber and other plants.
Their books are divided into three main categories: literature, history and belief”.
The Son La Hydro Power Plant is also an attractive destination in the city.
Surrounded by a verdant forest, Son La Reservoir impresses visitors with its incomparable beauty.
Hoang Lan, a tourist from Bac Giang province, shares her emotions: “This is the first time I visit the lake.
Nestled in the heart of magnificent nature, it is an ideal place to relax.
I would like to come back to discover more about local people’s life”.
Hidden in a mountain range, Mong village in Hua La commune, 6km from the center of Son La, is also a tourist destination.
Nguyen Hong Thang, a tour guide from Hanoi said:“In Mong village, tourists relax in hot springs and enjoy Thai cuisine. Water in hot springs here can be used as a medical therapy or a drink. After having a bathe, you can stay in guest houses and savor delicious Thai dishes”.
Seeing is believing. Go and explore the wide nature by yourself!
A day in Moc Chau
About 200 km from Hanoi, there is a paradise where you can enjoy fresh air and unspoiled vistas.
Join us on a tour of Moc Chau plateau today.
Waking up in a container bungalow in the middle of a green tea field surrounded by a panorama peaceful and green is a great experience, isn’t it?
Pham Thanh Tam had this experience recently at the ecotourism site of Moc Chau Village. She said: "I love the fresh morning air in Moc Chau. There is no pollution.
Stress and fatigue disappear immediately when you wake up in a completely quiet environment.
Breathe clean fresh air, walk between tea bushes, pick buds and taste a cup of tea you prepared yourself. What is better?”
Leaving the tea hills, you arrive in the village of Ang in Dong Sang commune, Moc Chau district, where pine trees are mirrored in lakes covering about 5 hectares.
It’s a paradise for anybody looking for serenity and some beautiful photo opts.
Ang village also attracts visitors who want to explore the unique architecture of houses on stilts, traditional customs and the delicious local cuisine.
Vu Mai Khanh is with the Khanh Sinh travel agency: "Our tours promote ecotourism and cultural tourism. We offer tours of relaxation and discovery of local life.
These programs allow you to better understand the customs of ethnic minorities living in Moc Chau, the Thai, Mong and others and participate in their songs and dances, including the pole dance, a cultural specialty of the Thai”.
In the afternoon, you can walk along a path past mustard flower meadows to visit the Moc Chau farm.
Feel free to feed the cows and try your hand at milking. Moc Chau milk is one of the local specialties.
Phung Luu Ly is Head of the Culture Division of Moc Chau District: "There are many agricultural products in Moc Chau that tourists can buy as gifts.
They are dairy products, green tea, organic fruits and vegetables and you will not be disappointed with their quality.
Plums are the iconic fruit of Moc Chau and you will find in the market plum jam, plum wine, and plum syrup. Plum pickings are organized by tour operators during the harvest”.
At nightfall, Moc Chau is covered with a fine mist canvas.
It's time to join the dances and songs of ethnic minorities.
When you leave this wonderland, be sure to bring back some of the local products. They are sure to delight your pals.
Peaceful Tha village
Quiet, authentic, picturesque – Tha village is well known among tourists for its charm and peaceful beauty. Located just 2km from Ha Giang, Tha village stands out for its stilt houses, green bamboo groves and lush rice fields.
Tha village offers a gentle beauty far from the urban hubbub. The murmur of limpid streams and a flirting wind in the palms welcome you at the village entrance.
Then you enter a mysteriously region submerged all year round in a mist, a lush forest floor, where centuries-old values are still present.
Here you will come across no trace of modernity, no multi-storey buildings, and no vehicles.
Nguyen Van Nhuong lives in the village: "I prefer the wooden houses on stilts to concrete housing.
Building a house on stilts costs about 300 million VND but it's worth it because it is very comfortable and airy throughout the year.
Here in the village you can take an actual breath of fresh air and enjoy the warm hospitality of the people.
The Tay people are very warm and welcoming.
If a stranger invites you to drink a cup of tea or offers her prettiest smile, do not be surprised.
Tay people still weave brocade products like bags, scarves, skirts, and pants. For a closer experience of Tay life, spend a night with the locals.
In addition to a taste of their corn alcohol, you will have the chance to savor their many culinary specialties: fish with fermented bamboo shoots, chicken salad, grilled pork with bamboo and wild vegetables.
The Tay cook very well.
Mai Thi Chung lives in Tha village: “Tourists are impressed by our hospitality and the customs we fiercely preserve over time.
We grill meat on the pan - our best dishes served at Tay parties.
These dishes are prepared using lots of special spices, such as cardamom, basil, pepper, and shrimp paste”.
After dinner, tourists can experience Then singing, the intangible heritage all generations of Tay perpetuate.
A singer improvises lyrics of his song while playing a kind of guitar called a Tinh other while artists perform graceful dances. Everything is in harmony like a painting of life in paradise.
Hue- a romantic city
From 1558 to 1945, Hue was the imperial capital city of 9 Nguyen Lords, the Tay Son regime and 13 Nguyen dynasties.
During those 4 centuries, Hue became an extensive complex of unique architectural and cultural relics.
In 1993, the Hue imperial complex was recognized by UNESCO as a World Cultural Heritage Site. The city has become a mecca of Vietnamese tourism.
On the northern bank of the Huong river in the middle of the city, the magnificent imperial citadel emerges, exhibiting the power of the Nguyen dynasty.
The citadel’s royal palaces, monuments and beautiful landscaping retain their imperial solemnity.
The Hue imperial city comprises the Imperial Citadel and the Purple Forbidden City which are surrounded by wide moats.
Several buildings were the headquarters of the monarchy and shrines dedicated to kings.
The Forbidden Purple City was reserved exclusively for the royal family and concubines. Only eunuchs could enter. The Imperial Citadel’s design was inspired by Oriental philosophy and Vietnamese tradition. All the structures were built around a main axis. The citadel has four main gates, the south door (Ngo Mon) was exclusively reserved for the emperor.
When you're in Hue, you should also visit the majestic tombs of the Nguyen Kings that lie west of the Imperial Citadel.
Located on hills, along the Perfume River, these tombs are typical of Vietnamese architecture, but each reflects the personality and taste of the Emperor.
A large part of Hue’s attractiveness is owed to its beautiful Perfume River and Ngu Binh mountain.
Nguyen Xuan Hoa is a Hue resident: “The Perfume River is a natural wonder of Hue city.
It has rare a romantic beauty.
Its green waters meander across the plains, through forests and villages like a silk band before entering the Tam Giang Lagoon".
Touring the Perfume River by boat is a wonderful experience. You will enjoy the beautiful sights of the city while listening to royal court music and local folk songs.
Truong Tien Bridge over the Perfume River is another iconic landmark of Hue. Built between 1897 and 1899, it was one of the first bridges built by the French in Indochina.
This beautiful bridge and the Perfume River have been a great source of inspiration for poets and songwriters.
Phan Thuan An has researched Hue culture for several years: "For Hue people, Truong Tien Bridge is the primary architectural site of the city and the most beautiful one.
The bridge is strongly imprinted in Hue people’s hearts”.
Today, the Hue imperial city is also known as a festival city because of its biennial festival which attracts top Vietnamese and foreign performing artists.
Authentic architecture, romantic landscapes, and delicate gastronomy make Hue city worth a visit!
Bai Dinh pagoda- a tourist destination
Located in Ninh Binh province, 95 km south of Hanoi, Bai Dinh pagoda has become a popular tourist destination in recent years.
The pagoda complex holds several Vietnamese records.
The ancient Bai Dinh pagoda sits 187m above sea level on top of Dinh Mountain.
Dating back over a thousand years, it is oriented towards the west and flanked by two caves. The pagoda nestles into one cave, which is not uncommon among old pagodas in Vietnam. To get to the pagoda, you have to climb 300 steps.
Do Ngoc Anh is a tour guide: "There’s a cave called Enlightened Cave. King Le Thanh Tong engraved ideograms there praising the beauty of the site.
The ceiling of the cave forms the solid roof of the pagoda which is dedicated to the Buddha and the Mother Goddess.
The altar in the cave is decorated with traditional Buddha statues”.
At the bottom of Enlightened Cave is a large exit which offers a great view of a distant green valley.
About 1 km from Bai Dinh pagoda is the complex of a new pagoda.
The new pagoda sits on Ba Dau hillside, overlooking Dam lake and the Hoang Long River.
500 Arhat statues flank the two paths that lead from the main gate to the shrine.
These paths which are about 1,700m long symbolize the Arhats’ path to Buddhism.
They are the longest Arhat paths in Asia.
Do Ngoc Anh: "The statues of Arhats were carved from blue stone by the artisans of Ninh Binh province.
Each statue is between 2 and 2.5 meters tall and weighs 2 to 2.5 ton.
They are placed on both sides of the path to guide the common people to the light of Buddhism.
The statues have different forms and different expressions reflecting all human moods: joy, anger, satisfaction, frustration.
At the foot of each statue is the name of the Arhat”.
The new Bai Dinh pagoda is a giant complex that extends from the main entrance to the sanctuary of Shakyamuni Buddha, the bell tower and the shrine to Kwan Yi, Buddhism’s Lady of Mercy.
The bell tower is built on three levels.
Octagonal in shape, it houses a 36-ton bronze bell which is the largest in Vietnam.
Just below the bell is a 70-ton bronze drum.
Local people believe that where they can still hear the sound of the bell, they are under the blessing of the Buddha.
The bronze statues of Kwan Yi and Shakyamuni Buddha are also the biggest ones in Vietnam.
The sanctuary of the past, present and future Buddha houses three huge statues of the three temporal forms of the Buddha.
Vu Anh Quan, a tourist from Dalat, is impressed by their size: “I had already seen those statues on TV and I knew they were enormous.
But the reality is far more spectacular.
These statues are gold showing their majestic and splendid side.
I am not surprised to learn that they hold the record for Vietnam’s largest statues of the Buddha, past, present, and future”.
The 6th day of the first lunar month is the main day of the pilgrimage feast of Bai Dinh pagoda. Tens of thousands of pilgrims flock to the pagoda to pay homage to the Buddha and visit this great site.
Lai Ngoc Nga is a pilgrim: "I make a pilgrimage to Bai Dinh pagoda every year.
This is a sacred place and we do not feel tired even after walking for many kilometers.
I always pray for health and luck for my family”.
Bai Dinh is a major attraction of Ninh Binh province, along with the Hoa Lu ancient capital, the Tam Coc-Bich Dong caves and Cuc Phuong National Park.
Tam Coc-Bich Dong’s charming scenery
Located 120 km from Hanoi, Tam Coc-Bich Dong is part of the Hoa Lu limestone mountain range.
For hundreds of years, the place has preserved the primitive beauty that has attracted countless visitors.
The Tam Coc complex includes Tam Coc and Bich Dong, which are situated in Van Lam village, Hoa Lu district, Ninh Binh province.
Recognized as a special national heritage, Tam Coc is often called ‘Ha Long Bay on the land’ for its system of limestone grottoes and historical relics from the Tran dynasty in the 13th and 14thcentury.
To reach Tam Coc, you must board a small boat at the wharf and get rowed up the sinuous Ngo Dong River past Xuyen Thuy cave and pockets of rice fields.
Do Thi Nu, a local boat pilot, talked to us about Tam Coc’s history: “In Chinese, ‘Tam’ means three and ‘Coc’ means cave, so ‘Tam Coc’ means three caves. In Vietnamese, it is called ‘Ba hang’.
Hang Ca is the first cave, ‘hang Hai’ is the second cave, and ‘hang Ba’ is the third cave.
It takes 2 hours to visit all three caves.”
Tam Coc is charmingly beautiful in any season.
In spring, bright green rice fields spread along the river banks, turning into silky yellow beds in the fourth lunar month.
In the summer while traveling on the Ngo Dong River, visitors will enjoy an enticing lotus fragrance while listening to the locals recounting legends about each cliff or mountain in the shape of a tortoise or dragon head.
There are particularly interesting rock formations, and schools of fish swimming in crystal clear water, but undoubtedly the most impressive features of Tam Coc are the caves, according to tour guide Nguyen Xuan Nguyen: “Hang Ca is the first cave and the largest of the 3. It is 127 meters long and its mouth is 20 meters wide.
Many stalactites hang down from the ceiling, some of which look like clouds and some of which drip water all day and are compared to a mother’s breast.
The cave looks very dark from the outside, but the further you go into it, the brighter it is.”
The beauty of Tam Coc is the beauty of the 3 caves with the Ngo Dong River running through them.
The second cave, Hang Giua, which is about 10 minutes from the first cave, has a length of 60 meters and a multitude of flat, horizontal stalactites.
The third and final cave, Hang Cuoi, is the smallest. It is about 50 meters in length and is only 100 meters from the second cave.
Its geology suggests this place was under the sea millions of years ago.
The land emerged gradually over centuries and waves eroded the limestone mountains to form grottoes.
After the 2-hour excursion returns you to Tam Coc wharf and go an additional 2 km to Bich Dong, considered the second most beautiful cave in Vietnam.
The Bich Dong area consists of a cave and a pagoda built on a limestone hill in 1428 under King Le Thai To.
Ms.Nguyen again: “Bich Dong pagoda is composed of 3 structures: Ha Pagoda (lower pagoda), Trung Pagoda (Middle pagoda), and Thuong Pagoda (upper pagoda).
In 1740, King Le Canh Hung named the pagoda ‘Bach ngoc thach son dong’ which means pagoda made of beautiful stones like a sapphire in a remote place.
‘Bich Dong’ means “green grotto”, a name given by Nguyen Nghiem, the father of the great poet Nguyen Du, in 1773.”
After praying to Buddha in Bich Dong Pagoda, visitors climb 21 stone steps to Toi cave (Dark cave) whose stalactites are shaped like fairies, errand-boys, hovering dragons, swimming tortoises, elephants, and tigers.
40 more steps take you to go to the Upper Pagoda, from where you can enjoy the best views of Bich Dong.
The view has strongly impressed foreigners like Monttie Binotto from Switzerland.
“This is my first time visiting this place, which is known for its cultural and historical tradition.
Tam Coc-Bich Dong is favored by nature with friendly people and charming landscapes.
I want to stay here for two or three days to fully explore it.
I’m impressed by the smiles of boat drivers who can row the boats with their legs.
I don’t think I can see these things anywhere else.”
Hanoi gates
Hanoi once had five gates which strongly embodied its historical developments. The beauty of these gates features in several songs about Hanoi.
According to historical records, there was a wall with gates surrounding the Thang Long citadel.
The gates were square and were under strict surveillance. They were open during the day and closed at night.
In King Le Hien Tong’s reign in the 18thcentury, there were 16 square gates, but by the early 20th century, there were only 5 gates: Cau Giay, Cau Den, Cho Dua, Dong Mac and Quan Chuong.
Some gates were pulled down because of war damage, but their names lived on as the names of districts or streets: Cau Giay district, O Dong Mac ward, O Cau Den ward and O Cho Dua ward. Today, only the Quan Chuong gate survives as a proper "square gate”.
Quan Chuong gate on Hang Chieu street, Hoan Kiem district, was part of the wall east of the ancient Thang Long citadel.
Covered with moss, the gate and part of the wall have survived the ravages of time.
On the gate there is a sign that says " Dong Ha gate” but local people prefer to call it "Quan Chuong Gate." Historian Duong Trung Quoc told VOV: "Quan Chuong is the only entrance to the city that retains its original architecture. There is a stele dating back to the Nguyen Dynasty in 19th century, which states that surveillance should be strict without disturbing the life of the people.
Why was the gate named Quan Chuong? It might be the name of a chief guard, who was so loved by the locals that they gave histitle to the entrance gate he guarded”.
Other historical sources say people called the gate Quan Chuong which means chief guard, to honor the Chief guard who led a hundred soldiers in a brave fight against the French in 1873, when they attacked Hanoi for the first time through this gate.
Quan Chuong gate exhibits a typical architecture of the Nguyen Dynasty.
It consists of two levels, the lower level has three arched doorways and the upper level is covered by 4 roofs decorated with a motif of hexagonal or quadrilateral asterisks.
The guards were stationed on the upper level.
Today, Quan Chuong gate exists as a page of history at the heart of Hanoi.
Truong Van Khanh lives near Quan Chuong gate: "We are proud to live in the neighborhood of Quan Chuong gate which has existed for centuries.
We hope it will be restored and preserved. It is a witness of Vietnamese culture and tradition of struggle”.
Quan Chuong gate was restored in 1804 and again in 1817, during the reign of King Gia Long.
In 1994, it was officially recognized as a historic relic site. In 2010, it was restored once again.
For Hanoians, Quan Chuong gate is not just a relic of the ancient Thang Long capital but a proud symbol of the modern capital city.
Visiting Yen Tu pagoda
The Yen Tu historical site stretches 20 km along Phuong Dong and Yen Cong communes in Uong Bi town of Quang Ninh province.
Nestled in the magnificent landscape, Yen Tu mountain is famous for the Bronze pagoda, which sits 1,068 m above sea level.
This tourist complex comprises pagodas, temples, towers and perennial forest.
In spring and summer many pilgrims go to Yen Tu to pay homage to Buddha.
Yen Tu, nestled in the middle of ancient pine trees is a special place, enjoying a deep stillness that allows visitors to forget about their daily cares.
Yen Tu is where several Venerable monks of the Ly and Tran dynasties including Hien Quang, Dao Van and the Most Venerable Tran Nhan Tong and Tran Thanh Tong, practiced Buddhism.
After ceding his throne to his son, King Tran Nhan Tong (1258-1308) retired to lead a religious life as a hermit. He founded the Truc Lam Zen sect and this place became the largest Vietnamese center of Buddhism.
The Most Venerable Thich Tue Phuc, Deputy Manager of the Truc Lam Yen Tu pagoda, says: “Yen Tu pagoda is closely associated with Truc Lam Zen.
In the 14th century, King Tran Nhan Tong, 3rd King of the Tran Dynasty, gave the throne to his son Anh Tong. 6 years later, at the age of 41, Tong moved to Yen Tu, where he founded the current Truc Lam Zen sect, a Buddhist sect that is purely Vietnamese”.
The Venerable Thich Tue Phuc says that in the summer, Yen Tu attracts not only pilgrims but also students who want to learn Buddhism:“Zen Buddhism is a branch whose main practice is meditation. During their summer vacation, students are sent here to discover Buddhism, while perfecting their morality to become good citizens”.
Formerly, to reach the summit, there was no choice but to climb the stairs and steep paths for two hours, which requires a good deal of motivation. Today, pilgrims can take a cable car up to the pagoda in less than an hour.
Le Trong Thanh, Deputy Director of the Tung Lam Cable Car Company, says: “On the weekend, the number of visitors increases sharply.
Our company tries to ensure the best services for visitors, guiding them to pagodas and temples”.
Many tourists prefer to walk up the mountain to enjoy the surrounding landscape.
From the Giai Oan (Clearing Unjust Charges) pagoda, pilgrims follow the stream to get to Yen Tu mountain.
The long road is dotted with places of worship like Hoa Hien Pagoda, Ngoa Van temple, Mot Mai (One Roof) pagoda, Bao Sai pagoda, and Vân Tien pagoda. Bach Hop, a pilgrim, says: “When we reached the Bronze pagoda, it was 5 o’clock in the morning. It was dark but we felt good.
Yen Tu is beautiful, clean, tranquil and peaceful”.
Ha Long Bay Cruises
The beauty of Ha Long Bay, which has been twice recognized by UNESCO as a world natural heritage site, always changes over the time.
Visiting Ha Long Bay at any time of the year, visitors are always amazed with its attraction.
Today’s Discovery Vietnam takes you on a tour of the Bay on the Golden Lotus cruise.
On board the Golden Lotus cruise are tourists from the US, Australia, Spain, Sweden and Vietnam. Leaving from Bai Chay port, the cruise takes them around the bay.
The beauty of the natural setting in the Bay blends with the blue sky and the cool breeze from the sea comforting its visitors.
Nguyen The Huu, a guide of the Khanh Sinh International Tourism Company, says: “During the one-day tour, tourists visit the Thien Cung (Heaven) and Dau Go (Wood Hidden) grottoes and then go to Ba Hang (Three Caves) fishing village for kayaking.
Then the tourists visit the Cho Da, Dinh Huong and Ga Choi islets and dock at Ha Long.
On the two-day tour, tourists have more time for sightseeing and to relax on the cruise.
The tour programs are diverse to give our tourists choices.
Our company focuses on service quality and the safety of customers.
We always try to refresh our tours and develop new services for our customers”.
Visiting Ha Long Bay by cruise, tourists can enjoy the complete view of the unique natural setting.
Sitting on the boat, enjoying a cool juice and gazing around at the scenery, with the thousands of islets of different sizes and shapes is the perfect choice.
John, a tourist from Australia, was visiting Ha Long for the first time. He said that the natural setting was unbelievable and that it was much more enjoyable to relax it on a cruise.
John said: "It's all inspiring, tranquil, eagles above, fish below, beautiful scenery, and incredible.
The caves are beautiful.
I thought they were little caves but they were real caves. They are amazing".
The most interesting and exciting moment is when the cruise docks at the fishing village and the tourists are free to go kayaking.
With assistance from the guide, all of us, even those who can’t swim, can find kayaking easy and interesting.
Each kayak accommodates 2 tourists.
Once they are in control of oars, they all are excited by kayaking.
John and his friend Tania are very happy with the whole experience. John says: "We can stay here forever, go around and around.
I really love the fishing village and the water as well as the nature and the human habitats.
While we're in the water, I want to stay here longer because it's actually great, a great experience.
I've never done that before.
It's so easy to get around, I was scared at first, but once I was in there, got the feeling, I could get around, up to the mountains. Look right up, you see the cliffs right above you.
It was beautiful.
I'd love to do that again."
In the afternoon, tourists had another unique experience.
They were taught how to make spring rolls, a traditional Vietnamese dish.
Mixing together all the ingredients: pork, vermicelli, wood ears, carrot, seasoning, eggs and wrapping in the rice papers is an exciting experience for many tourists.
Efarault, a French tourist, says: "If I can come to Vietnam to make some cooking. It's a good idea.
It is fun for everybody to meet around the table, try to prepare the dinner well.
It's fun. We meet people, share with people and have a nice dinner together. It's a good idea to do that".
When the night falls, the sea glitters with the light from all the boats making Ha Long Bay even more miraculous and beautiful.
Con Son - Kiep Bac: Museum of Vietnamese belief and culture
Con Son-Kiep Bac relic site in Hai Duong province has several historical and cultural relics reflecting Buddhism and Confucianism and national heroes of Vietnam.
Located 80 km from Hanoi, the complex is a destination to explore Vietnam’s history, culture, and religion.
Con Son pagoda was built in the 10th century and was expanded in the 13th century during the Tran dynasty.
In 1329, Venerable Monk Phap Loan, second founder of Lam Zen Sect upgraded the pagoda. His successor, Huyen Quang expanded the pagoda, taught Buddhism, printed Buddhist sutras, cast Buddha statues and developed Con Son into one of the three principal centers of Buddhist Truc Lam Zen. Le Duy Manh is Deputy Head of the Con Son - Kiep Bac Relic Management Committee: "Con Son, Yen Tu and Quynh Lam are the three centers of the Truc Lam Zen sect.
Con Son pagoda was chaired by the three founders of the sect. Venerable Monk Huyen Quang stayed in Con Son pagoda all his life.
Con Pagoda embodies the royal architectural style distinguished by a half-moon lake and a three-door temple gate in the front.
Hai Tac (Pirate) archipelago- a new tourist destination
Hai Tac, literally translated as “Pirate” archipelago, 30 km from Ha Tien township, is a new tourist attraction in Kien Giang province.
The pristine natural landscapes of this place are amazingly beautiful.
In recent years, Ha Tien authorities have invested in Hai Tac archipelago to make it an even more attractive.
Hai Tac archipelago comprises 16 islands. Tre Lon islet sits at the center of the archipelago. The locals subsist on fishing and aquaculture.
70 households are engaged in cage fishing.
The sea here between Ha Tien-Rach Gia Bay and Thailand Bay is calm and unpolluted making it favorable for both aquaculture and tourism.
Hong Xuan Than says local people are friendly and hospitable: “We always welcome visitors and show them our work. Tourism has generated income for us”.
The place intrigues tourists with its “Pirate” name, its white sand beaches, and its turquoise water.
Nguyen Thanh Sang is a tourist from An Giang: "My friends told me about this unspoiled archipelago.Its name inspires me to go and explore it.It’s a raw gem.I slept in a rudimentary hut by the sea and was delighted”.
The island attracted 30,000 visitors in 2015 earning nearly 400,000 USD.
Mr.Phuoc says: “Tien Hai commune has great tourism potential. With enough investments like Vinpearl’s, local tourism will grow dramatically”.
This year, a number of big projects to upgrade local infrastructure will be undertaken: a communal administrative center, markets, a concentrated residential area, wharves, an ecological tourism site, and a waste treatment plant. The commune is expected to be on the national power grid by 2017. Efforts like those could make Hai Tac archipelago a new hot spot.
Da Lat night market
When the sun goes down, Da Lat city in Lam Dong province is lit up by the bright lights of shops, restaurants and hotels. In the cool night air, you should dress warmly to wander around the small streets visiting the night market and exploring Da Lat's culture and street life.
Ha Diem My is visiting Da Lat with her family: “I like the night market in Da Lat because I find it uniquely represents the city. Here I can buy local products as souvenirs like woolen products and vegetables like cabbages, carrots, and potatoes which are cheap and fresh”.
Pham Bich Duy from Ho Chi Minh City says:
“This is the 4th time I have visited the market. Every time I come here, I feel inspired.
I have bought clothes, hats, wool products, socks, and key holders.
I've also bought local specialties like dried fruits and fruit juice”.
Though it is in the highlands, Da Lat is famous for its seafood.
Seafood dishes in Da lat are varied affordable, and delicious.
Nguyen Duc Tinh from Vinh Phuc province says:
 “Da Lat's night market offers a wide range of hot pots which are very well seasoned and accompanied by fresh vegetables.
The temperature in Da Lat is moderate, the barbeque dishes are very tasty and the local wines are very special and varied”
Tourists like the market because the items on sale are affordable and the traders are hospitable.
Local authorities have created favorable conditions for traders to do their business.
Le Thi Hong Nhung owns a shop by the market in Nguyen Thi Minh Khai street:
“Local authorities always support and encourage local traders to diversify and improve the quality of their products.
I sell local specialties including fruits, vegetables, dried fruits, tea, coffee, and artichokes. They are all locally made.
Visiting Cu Lan village, Lam Dong province
Cu Lan is a peaceful village of the K’Ho ethnicity in Lam Dong province. Tiny stilt houses, pure air, and warmhearted people attract tourists to the village.
Cu Lan village is named after a local plant species that flourishes between the rows of pine trees. Cu Lan is also the Vietnamese word for a sloth that lives near the village.
Cu Lan village is nestled in a forest at the foot of Lang Biang mountain in Lac Duong district, 20km from Dalat.
Here, the K'ho, one of the 54 ethnic groups of Vietnam, live in stilt houses that lean against the steep slope.
Impressed by the region, Van Tuan Anh wrote a song about the village which established it as an ecotourism village.
Doan Truong Son is a tour guide with the Viettravel Company:
“Each of us has our own impression of the name of the village.
For me, the name of the village expresses its pure beauty.
This village demonstrates the harmony between man and nature.
It’s a destination for anyone who wants to escape the dust and noise of the city”.
Some visitors like to walk along the small paths connecting the small thatched-roof houses.
Others prefer to venture over rush bamboo bridges to meadows of purple, violet, and yellow daylilies.
Others choose to take a jeep to explore the hillside roads.
Trinh Thi Ngot from Ho Chi Minh City says:
“Driving a jeep here is really sensational.
The slopes are incredibly dangerous and before today I had never tried.
It's really impressive”.
Cu Lan village offers numerous activities: kite flying, hiking, boat rowing, fishing, picnicking, folk games and gong performances.
There's even an art gallery.
Minh Lân from Radio and Television of Lam Dong says:
“After travelling particularly winding roads, we arrive in this romantic village. Don’t miss the small open-air market in Duoc hamlet or the exhibits of Vietnamese and foreign artists”.
The village’s rows of houses on wooden stilts are reflected by a large lake as if in a a mirror. On holidays, boat races are held. At night, glowing lanterns give the village an air of mystery.
Songwriter Van Tuan Anh says:
"Tourists are increasingly demanding.
They want to discover a vibrant culture.
Cu Lan village has preserved its identity. Tourists really enjoy visiting small houses with domestic animals and vegetable gardens around the house. When night falls, we gather around the fire and dance to the rhythm of gongs.
No one forgets a visit to Cu Lan, one of the most fascinating villages in the Central Highlands.
Tours of high-tech agriculture in Da Lat
Da Lat inspires tourists for with its picturesque landscapes, cool climate, unique architecture and especially its beautiful flowers.
Flower gardens that use high-tech cultivation methods often surprise visitors.
In recent years Da Lat gardeners have used automation, information technology, new material technology, bio-technology, and high-tech varieties to grow flowers. In a short time, a model of high-tech agricultural production has proliferated, boosting local revenues. Local households and enterprises now combine agricultural production with tourism.
Nguyen Thi Nguyen is Director of Lam Dong Provincial Department of Culture, Sports, and Tourism:
“Lam Dong province has invested in high-tech agricultural production.
Tourism and high-tech agriculture are our strengths.
We want to boost high-tech agriculture to generate higher incomes for local farmers and create new tourist attraction in the province”.
The flower villages of Ha Dong, Thai Phien and Van Thanh are the most popular tourist destinations. Here tourists can observe farmers planting and harvesting their flowers.
Nguyen Van Dan owns a 3000-square-meter flower garden in Ha Dong village where he grows chrysanthemums and carnations.
Dan said: “Previously, we just sold flowers.
Since we started welcoming tourists to our garden in 2012, our flowers have become better known in the market.
In the beginning, it was difficult for us to communicate with tourists but gradually we learned how to talk about our flowers and demonstrate how we grow them”.
Agricultural tourism has drawn many tourists to Da Lat.
Tourists can visit 400 ha of strawberry gardens, taste sweet strawberries and buy some as gifts for their friends.
Nguyen Thanh Sang is a tourist from Bac Lieu province:
“Da Lat’s tourist attractions are diverse and interesting.
I visited the Biofresh company and its strawberry garden.
It was a very interesting experience”.
Da Lat welcomed more than 3 million visitors in 2010 and 5.1 million last year. The number of visitors to Da Lat increases 10 to 12% annually.
Visiting Son La
Located 300 km northwest of Hanoi, Son La province has become a popular tourist destination in recent years because of its various ethnicities, festivals, historical relics and scenic spots.
Son La Museum, the Son La Hydro Power Plant, and hot springs in Mong villages, and peach blossoms, apricot and bauhinia flowers inspire tourists near and far.
There are more than 100 historical and cultural relics in Son La of which Son La prison and Son La museum are the most popular.
Classified as a national relic in 1962, Son La prison is perched atop Khau Ca hill.
Covering an area of 500 m2, Son La prison was built in 1908 by the French colonialists to imprison Vietnamese communists.
Known as hell on earth, its cells were built with solid stones and its high walls were covered with barbed wires and broken glass.
Despite the barbaric tortures, Vietnamese communist soldiers turned their cells hell into a place to communicate Vietnam’s resolution.
The prison has recently been renovated and become a tourist mecca in the northwestern region.
Son La Museum was also built in 1908 by the French.
There, distinctive cultures of 12 local ethnic minority groups in the province can be discovered through thousands of pre-history artifacts.
Collections of 1,000 books, documents, epics, and folk tales and songs of the Thai and Dao ethnicities are kept at the museum.
Nguyen Hai Duong is a guide at the museum:
“Covering 14,000 square kilometers, Son La province has 12 ethnic communities, 55% of them are Thai minorities. These are ancient books of the Thai in Son La who have valuable expertise in paper-making from bamboo fiber and other plants. Their books are divided into three main categories: literature, history and belief”.
Hoang Lan, a tourist from Bac Giang province, shares her emotions:
“This is the first time I visit the lake.
Nestled in the heart of magnificent nature, it is an ideal place to relax.
I would like to come back to discover more about local people’s life”.
Hidden in a mountain range, Mong village in Hua La commune, 6km from the center of Son La, is also a tourist destination.
Nguyen Hong Thang, a tour guide from Hanoi said:,
“In Mong village, tourists relax in hot springs and enjoy Thai cuisine.
Water in hot springs here can be used as a medical therapy or a drink.
After having a bathe, you can stay in guest houses and savor delicious Thai dishes”.
Unique architecture of Dong Van
The charm of Ha Giang is not limited to its beautiful fields of buckwheat flowers, its breathtaking roads, and authentic ethnic markets.
Ha Giang province is also home to amazing architectural treasures.
After following the highway 4C for about 160 km from the center of Ha Giang, you will arrive at Dong Van township where you should not miss a tour of the old town.
Perched at 1,600 meters, Dong Van township was home to Tay, Hoa, and Mong ethnicities in the early 20th century.
In 1920, the old township was renovated by the French, who brought new construction materials and Western architecture. Laterite houses with stone columns and decorated with red lanterns blend harmoniously with traditional clay buildings.
Most of these houses belong to the Luong Huy family. Luong Huy Ngo of the Tay ethnic group says these houses are still in good condition: "The houses of this type are very comfortable.
It is cool in summer and warm in winter.
The wall thickness can be up to 85 cm. The wall part near the door is thinner, 65 cm.
To build such a house, it takes about one month with the help of six people divided into two teams. One team is responsible for carpentry and the other for masonry. The first team erects the wooden columns. Today, it is impossible to use only heartwood as in the past, so newer columns are less resistant. The second team prepares a kind of mixing clay”.
Located a hundred kilometers from the old quarter, the residence of Vuong, formerly named "Mong King Castle" is a major attraction in the region.
The residence, which covers nearly 1,200 square meters, is surrounded by majestic mountains.
It was designed by Vuong Chinh Duc, from a wealthy and powerful Mong family, who controlled the whole Dong Van region. Vuong Thi Cho is a fourth-generation descendant:
"The wages paid to architects and workmen to build the house were equivalent to 150 billion VND.
The materials were all from Dong Van.
You see, these two stone columns symbolize the poppy fruits.
The workers rubbed the stone columns with silver to give them a silver color.
Each column is worth about 900 million VND".
Besides the main building, the residence includes several houses for guests, as well as living rooms, a heating room, and an indoor stone pool for bathing baths in goat milk.
The owner constructed his residence as a fortress with tall fortified stone walls.
The three rooms of the main building are surmounted by stone blockhouses.
At the back, there is a large stone basin to collect rain water.
Ms.Cho says:
"Since Dong Van Karst Park was recognized by UNESCO, more tourists visit the residence. Each month, we welcome about 3,000 visitors and on public holidays, about 1,000 tourists a day.
From September, there are more foreigners arriving”
The original appearance of the Vuong residence and the old town of Dong Van district has resisted the ravages of time.
Ha Giang is appealing with beautiful buckwheat flowers
In late October, photo enthusiasts flock to Ha Giang province where the hills boast a beautiful white gown tinged with pink - the emblematic color of buckwheat flowers.
The history of buckwheat flowers is as old as the generations of the Mong ethnic minority group in Ha Giang.
It is said that in ancient times, a famine devastated villages. Since the land was barren, local people went in search of food. One day, an extraordinary fragrance appealed to the peasants. Among the rocks, they discovered small white pink flowers whose nuts tasted as subtle as rice and corn.
Since then, the Mong have used the buckwheat flowers’ nuts as staples like maize and rice.
Local people also make buckwheat cakes and wine.
Buckwheat flowers bloom from October to November.
Visitors will see rocky plateau decorated with buckwheat forests that extend over the Quan Ba ​​Dong Van, Yen Minh and Meo Vac mountain districts. The pure beauty of the flower dazzles nature lovers.
Mai Huong is a tourist from Hanoi:
“I’m very impressed with the landscapes of Ha Giang and its people.
They live here, in difficult conditions, trapped in the mountains and barren lands.
Here, even though the conditions are arduous, beauty is everywhere.
The meadows covered with buckwheat flowers are beautiful.
Everyone is impressed by this wonderful landscape”.
Yet this incredible beauty has completely fallen into oblivion.
It was not until social networks began to show off this beautiful landscape to tourists.
There are indeed photos posted on Facebook that have made buckwheat flowers of Ha Giang known to young people.
In order to promote the tourism potential of the region, Ha Giang authorities decided to increase the buckwheat fields to attract more visitors as possible.
A festival will be launched next November to honor the beauty of buckwheat flowers and promote the charm of the limestone plateaus.
Nguyen Van Tai is Director of VietSense Travel:
"We are among the first companies to have launched tours to Ha Giang. Everything is ready to welcome visitors in November and December.
The buckwheat blossom festival is a unique tourist feature for Ha Giang. The festival will help increase the number of tourists”.
The Buckwheat flower festival will take place in four districts of Dong Van, Quan Ba, Yen Minh and Meo Vac in the northern mountain province of Ha Giang from November 13-15. Go and discover this unique destination for yourself.
Quang Tri battlefield
Quang Tri province attracts visitors not only because of its beautiful landscape and delicious food but also its historical relic sites. The visitors come to the province to express their gratitude and show their respect to fallen soldiers.
Quang Tri citadel, Highway 9 Cemetery, and Truong Son National Martyrs’ Cemetery are the popular destinations.
War veteran Pham Xuan Thanh of Lang Son province often visits his fallen comrades in Quang Tri province in July.
Thanh was among the last people to leave Quang Tri province after the 81-day campaign to defend the citadel in 1972.
Thanh says Quang Tri was the battlefield where many of his comrades died.
When he visits his fallen comrades, Thanh often brings soil and water from his home village to sprinkle on the soldiers’ graves and into the Thach Han River.
Thanh says by doing so, he brings the homeland to the war martyrs:“Today, I come here to visit my comrades and release flowers in memory of them. I’m very moved every time I come here. I always remember my comrades and local people who died in this river during the war.
In Quang Tri province, there are 72 cemeteries accommodating nearly 650,000 war martyrs.
The National Highway 9 Cemetery and the National Truong Son Cemetery are located in this province.
All communes in the province have martyrs’ cemeteries, some of them have as many as 4.
Quang Tri citadel and the Thach Han River are considered an unmarked grave where thousands of young people fell during the war.
These days, war martyrs’ cemeteries in Quang Tri province receive a lot of visitors who come to pay their respects to fallen soldiers.
Ms.Nguyen Thi Hanh burst into tears when she visited Truong Son cemetery and Quang Tri citadel for the first time:
“I’m very moved and full of pity for the fallen soldiers. Their bravery is unimaginable. I’m very grateful to the fallen soldiers”.
People in Quang Tri have two occasions for showing gratitude: at the full-moon day in the lunar July when they express their gratitude to their ancestors and on July 27th, when they show their gratitude to fallen soldiers.
In July Quang Tri also celebrates the Highway 9- Khe Sanh victory and the battle to defend Quang Tri citadel in July 1972.
To mark the occasion, memorial and relic sites, and compassionate houses are upgraded and gifts are presented to social beneficiaries.
This year Quang Tri province inaugurated the Cua Viet Victory Monument built with 30 billion VND donated by social organizations, businesses and private donors.
In the “Sacred Homeland” program, commercial banks donated 100 billion VND to commemorative activities in Quang Tri province.
Nguyen Duc Huong is Vice President of Lien Viet Post Bank’s Executive Committee:
“We are thankful to the sacrifices of fallen soldiers.
Whatever we do or how much we do, we can never repay to their and their families’ great sacrifice.
We call on the younger generation to do their best to deserve our predecessors’ sacrifices”.
Nha Ruong- Ancient houses in Hoi Ky village, Quang Tri province
Hoi Ky ancient village in Hai Chanh commune, Hai Lang district, Quang Tri province is located by the O Lau river. The village is more than 500 years old.
Visitors to the village are amazed at the numerous ancient wooden houses known as Nha Ruong, religious establishments, and the peaceful lives of the local people.
Along road to Hoi Ky village are temples, pagodas and clan worship houses which boast unique architectural styles.
But visitors are most amazed at the centuries-old wooden houses nestled in large gardens along O Lau River.
These houses, which belong to the Duong family clan are comprised of 5 or 7 rooms and wing rooms and are made of thick solid wood. Their columns and doors are engraved with dragons, unicorns, phoenixes and other delicate patterns.
In each house, there are lacquered boards with parallel sentences teaching children to do good.
Doors between rooms are beautifully decorated.
The room in the middle is used to worship the ancestors while its two neighboring rooms serve living and bed rooms.
Of the other two wing rooms, the one on the west is for boys and the one on the east is for girls.
There’s also an entresol in the house that contains rice and other home objects.
Duong Van Cho is a local in Hoi Ky village: “Among the 20 ancient houses in the village, 6 have 3 main rooms and 2 wing rooms.
They are about 100 years old.
Local people have restored their houses and all want to maintain their identity”.
Depending on the size of the house, each roof has between 10,000 and 20,000 brick tiles made of clay. The tiles are rectangular, thin, flat and can produce a bell sound when they are knocked.
This way of tiling makes the house cool in summer and warm in winter.
Walls of the house are made of lime and wood hammered bricks.
Every house is surrounded by trimmed green tree fences.
Doctor Le Vinh An is of the Advisory Committee for Hue Ancient Capital Preservation:
“Hoi Ky ancient village still retains its values.
The village was founded in the 15th century but its houses are between 100 and 150 years old.
The landscape in the village is beautiful with a river zigzagging around the village, small lanes, wharves, and a communal yard.
These are typical characteristics of rural Vietnam”.
Mr. Duong Van Manh’s house which is comprised of 3 main rooms and 2 wing rooms and a roof with 10,000 tiles is the most typical. Named “Happiness convergence”, the house is situated in the middle of a large garden.
Built in 1889, the house is sustained with 48 jackfruit wooden columns.
Built in 1931, Ms Duong Thi Huong’s house has one main room and 2 wing rooms and covers about 60 square meters.
Inside the house, there’s a lacquered board saying “4 generations living in the same house”.
According to traditional beliefs, a house with 4 generations living together is a happy house.
Most of the houses in Hoi Ky hang a lacquered board with the word “Peace” on it.
Nguyen Thanh Nam is from Quang Nam province:
“The architecture of the houses is outstanding.
Their structures are also sustainable because they all have solid columns.
The roof of the house is low helping to protect the house from strong winds”.
The locals in Hoi Ky are proud of their houses which stand firm and retain their traditional values despite of war and climate devastation.
These houses have great historical, cultural and architectural values, according to Kitani Kenta, an expert from the UNESCO’s World Heritage Institute at Japan’s Waseda University. Kitani Kenta says the ancient wooden houses of Hoi Ky are wonderful, sophisticated and skillfully built.
These outstanding features need to be promoted’.
The Red Dao ethnic group in Ta Phin
Located ten kilometers from Sa Pa town, Ta Phin village is a popular destination for tourists.
The village is famous for traditional medical remedies of wild leaves made by local Red Dao people.
In Sapa, tourists can rent a motorbike to go to Ta Phin.
The first stop is the monastery of Ta Phin, or rather its remains.
Many tourists like to stay in the homes of local people to experience the way Red Dao people live.
In a wooden house, tourists help the hosts cook.
In the morning, they go together to the nearby forest to look for medicinal plants and visit the village.
In the evening, families and tourists sit around the fireplace chatting.
Dang Thai An and his children come from Hanoi. They spent three days with Ms.Phan Man May’s family.
An says he is enjoying this experience very much. This is the first time he has taken a trip without hotel or restaurant:
“It’s very interesting to live with the locals.
We eat, sleep and go to the field with the host family members.
We cook with them and have a bath using medicinal herbs like local Red Dao people.
They prepare a large pot of medicinal plants for us.
We are very interested in their tradition.
We go up the mountain and visit Ms May’s relatives.
It is really interesting”.
Dang Thai Vinh, Mr.An’s son has visited Sa Pa a couple of times. This time, he wants to introduce his family members to other interesting things about Sa Pa besides Ham Rong mountain, Cau May Street and Silver Waterfall.
Vinh said:
“I don’t want my family members to stay in the center of Sapa town because here the air is pure and good for health.
And above all, we have the opportunity to mix with Red Dao people to learn their culture, their customs and even their language”.
For a long time, on the last day of the year, Dao people has taken a bath with medicinal plants they pick from the nearby forest to welcome the New Year.
Having a bath with medicinal plants has become a tourist attraction in Ta Phin.
In a barrel of hot water, they put up to 120 different kinds of leaves.
Phan Man May says having a bath with medicinal plants is very good for health:
“These leaves are picked in the forest. When there is not enough, we have to buy them in the market.
Having a bath with medicinal plants, all our tiredness accumulated during the day is washed out. It will make you feel relaxed and help you sleep well. Tourists like it a lot.
In summer, it's easy to boil water, while in winter it takes us three hours”.
Adding medicinal leaves to the boiling pot, Dang Thai Vinh says he and his family members all feel relaxed after having bath with medicinal plants:
"This solution of the Dao people is great for health.
We had to walk 13 km to get here but after taking a shower with the water, we all feel perfectly relaxed”.
Staying in a wooden house nestled in the mist, chatting over a wood fire, having a shower with wild leaves- these unique customs and traditions of the Red Dao people give visitors to Ta Phin some beautiful memories.
Van Long Wetland Nature Reserve
Van Long Wetland Nature Reserve covers more than 3,000 hectares in Gia Vien district, Ninh Binh province.
This is a beautiful site that holds two national records for having the most Delacour's langurs and for being the largest unspoiled landscape in Vietnam. Van Long Nature Reserve is a popular eco-tourism destination.
Van Long is the largest wetland nature reserve in northern Vietnam.
On small bamboo boats, tourists travel through high reeds along small streams at the foot of the mountains to admire the reserve’s magnificent landscape.
Van Long is the most beautiful in the summer when the lotus flowers blossom.
Under the water, algae and other aquatic plants sway along with the rhythm of the oars.
Van Long is nicknamed “a bay without waves" because the water is as calm as a giant mirror reflecting mountains and clouds.
The reserve has a thousand caves, each with its own legend.
Do Thi Theu is a boat rower:
“From here, one can clearly see rough lines on the cliff from the top to the foot of the mountain which look like marks left by the claws of a cat.
This cliff is listed in the book of Vietnam Records as "the largest stone mass”.
Cua Chua mountain in Van Long is a place where explorers and researchers have discovered centuries-old drawings.
Tran Xuan Quang is Head of the Reserve Management Committee:
“On the cliff of Mount Cua Chua, scientists have discovered drawings.
Normally, they are not very clear, but when you pour water on them, you see drawings of men and women and ideograms.
It is a puzzle archaeologists are trying to figure out”.
The fauna and flora in Van Long typify the ecosystems of limestone mountains and Red River Delta wetlands.
The park has 39 fauna species and 722 flora species, many of which are listed in the Red Book of endangered species. A hundred bird species live there.
At dusk flocks of birds head towards marshes and rice fields in search of food.
But the real star of Van Long is the Delacour’s langur, one of the most endangered primates in the world. There are 40 Delacour’s langurs in Van Long.
Tran Xuan Quang again:
"Van Long has biggest population of the Delacour’s langurs in Vietnam.
You can see them on the mountains with your naked eye.
Even while sitting on the boat, you can see them.
The largest group of Delacour’s langurs lives on Hoang Quyen mountain.
In the early morning and in the afternoon, you can see monkeys eating or playing”.
The Dutch government, the Global Environment Facility (GEF) and the Cuc Phuong Rescue Center for Rare and Precious Primates are involved in preserving the endangered animal species in Van Long.
Van Long Wetland Nature Reserve receives a large number of foreign every year, most of them from Europe or South Korea. Between May and September is the best season to explore the reserve.
Phat Diem Cathedral
Covering nearly 22 ha in Kim Son district, Ninh Binh province, Phat Diem Cathedral is a popular destination.
Built in the 19th century, it differs from other monuments because of its stone chapel, which is a very successful marriage between eastern and western architecture.
Along the way from Ninh Binh city to Phat Diem Cathedral, there are dozens of churches. But, Phat Diem is the most remarkable because of its unique architecture.
It was built at the initiative of Father Pierre Luc Tran, known as Father Six for 34 years from 1865 to 1899.
This priest built a large cathedral surrounded by five chapels, plus a campanile, a pond and three manmade stone mountains.
The whole constitutes an original set which Western Gothic architecture blends perfectly with that of traditional Vietnamese pagodas.
If we approach the cathedral from the south, we see a pond in the middle of which there is a statue of Jesus opening his arms wide.
Just behind it is a stone bell tower whose roof is curved like those on pagodas and communal houses.
The stone bell tower is built on 3 levels of large stone slabs and has 3 entries.
The first level, the largest, is made of square blue stones. It has 3 rooms with ceiling vaults, each has with stone bed.
Do Thi Ngoc Anh is a tour guide:
"The high arch symbolizes "round heaven" and the bottom stone bed symbolizes "the square earth", which perfectly matches the design of the Oriental concept of harmony between heaven and earth, between yin and yang.
The second level has a large drum and the third has a 1.4m high bell. Cast in 1890, this bell weighs nearly 2 tons.
Unlike other church bells that contain a pendulum, Phat Diem’s bell contains a wooden stick that helps the bell be heard 10km away”.
After crossing the campanile, we look up to admire the front of the Great Cathedral, which is the heart of the Phat Diem architectural ensemble.
It was built in 1891 with the official name of "Cathedral of Our Lady Queen of the Rosary".
Supported by 52 pillars in 6 rows, it includes 9 bays that celebrate the East-West architectural combination.
The entrance is exactly like a Gothic church with its raised ceiling, but the columns are carved with typical oriental motifs, including Vietnamese.
Do Ngoc Hung is an architecture student:
"I am very impressed by the altar of God.
The wooden walls are intricately carved and gilded. The altar itself is in stone. The carvings are superb.
I heard that the altar is made of 6 stone slabs in the basement housing the tombs of six bishops”
But the most precious jewel of the architectural ensemble of Phat Diem is the Chapel of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, which some call "the stone church."
Do Thi Ngoc Anh told us:
"This chapel is almost entirely built of stone, blue stone extracted from Mount Nhoi in Thanh Hoa province.
Outside, there are two towers, one of which carries a relief showing the pierced heart of Mary which symbolizes the immaculacy”.
The altar of Mary is made of stone.
Vietnamese artisans carved various motifs on the stone including phoenix, lotus, pine, chrysanthemums, bamboo, and plum blossoms.
At Phat Diem, mass is held in the main cathedral. The surrounding chapels are dedicated to 4 different saints.
The chapel of St.Joseph was built in 1899. Its furnishings are made entirely of solid wood.
The quintessence of the ancient tradition of Vietnamese wood carving converges here.
Do Thi Ngoc Anh again:
"South of the main cathedral is the Saint Roch chapel which was built in 1895.
The altar is a monolith.
To the west is the St.Joseph Chapel, built in 1896 entirely of iron wood.
To the north of this chapel is the Saint Pierre Chapel, which was built in 1896.
The columns are made of jackfruit wood and are elaborately sculpted”.
Phat Diem Cathedral is a place of prayer and also a popular destination for researchers and tourists.
Dustin is from Canada:
"It's beautiful.
It's unbelievable that this church was built in the 19th century by the Vietnamese.
It is typically Vietnamese and completely different from any I have had the opportunity to see.
Every detail reflects a perfect symbiosis between stone, wood, East and West".
The vagaries of the weather have not damaged the famous architectural ensemble, but mosses have made it more charming.
Behind every relief, every stone lurks something mysterious and sacred waiting to be revealed to visitors.
Ninh Binh- the land of ancient capital
More than 90 km south of Hanoi, Ninh Binh is a province with rich tourist potential. The splendid natural scenery of Trang An, Tam Coc and Bich Dong, the stone cathedral of Phat Diem, and the forest of Cuc Phuong are among the attractions of this beautiful land which was the capital of Vietnam a thousand years ago. Ninh Binh has all the typical topography of northern Vietnam-mountain areas, foothills, coastal areas and low-lying plains.
Its diverse natural conditions favor countless plant and animal species, many of which are in the Red Book of Vietnam.
There are four large forests: Cuc Phuong, Van Long, Hoa Lu and Kim Son which together form a large biosphere reserve.
Ninh Binh is surrounded by mountains of limestone as strong as a fortress wall. It is probably for this reason that the Dinh, Le and Ly dynasties choose Ninh Binh for their capitals from 968 to 1010.
Hoa Lu, the capital was called "the capital built of stone" by local people.
Located at the center, Hoa Lu holds the remnants of wars against foreign invaders and a multitude of temples, shrines, and pagodas.
More than a thousand years ago, in these valleys covered by reeds Dinh Bo Linh led a popular uprising that wiped out 12 army troops.
In 968, he ascended the throne and set his capital at Hoa Lu.
Six kings succeeded each other from 968 to 1009 in Hoa Lu.
Do Ngoc Anh is a tour guide:
"The temples dedicated to the Dinh and Le kings have architectural and sculptural features of the 17th century.
The display objects dating from a thousand years ago.
There are pieces of earthenware bowls which were used at banquets given by the kings of the Dinh dynasty in honor of their victorious troops.
In the Trang An complex are the Trang An ecological site which has been named a World Heritage site, and Tam Coc-Bich Dong which is often called "Ha Long Bay on land." The Sao Khe River, which winds through the mountains, is the only thoroughfare in this area and the only means of transportation is a boat.
Limestone hills, valleys and streams alternate, creating a picturesque landscape.
Caves mesmerize tourists with their stalactites and stalagmites.
Bai Dinh pagoda, also in The rang An complex, is like a book of Buddhist architecture which holds several national records.
It is actually two pagodas: the ancient Bai Dinh pagoda and Bai Dinh pagoda complex- the largest pagoda in Southeast Asia.
The pagoda is built on a historic site where more than one thousand years ago, Dinh Bo Linh’s insurgent troops gathered before and after each battle.
Do Ngoc Anh again:
"Spring time between the first and third lunar month is the best time to visit Trang An. Then, the weather is neither too cold nor too hot.
This is the season of pilgrimage.
In Trang An, tourists and pilgrims can enjoy the scenery and visit the pagoda to pray for good luck”.
In Ninh Binh province, many villages have retained their traditional crafts: Van Lam embroidery, Kim Son mat weaving, Ninh Van stone carving, Phuc Loc carpentry and Van Long basketry.
A visit to Ninh Binh province will provide you with many unforgettable memories.
Museum of Ho Chi Minh Trail
Known as the "Ho Chi Minh trail", the supply route through the Truong Son mountain range is a legend of the Vietnamese resistance.
This story is now told in the "Museum of the Ho Chi Minh Trail”.
Poet Pham Tien Duat poet, a Truong Son veteran, wrote in the museum’s guest book: "We cannot lock up a mountain range in a house.
But the Museum of the Ho Chi Minh trail contains all the diamonds and precious minerals in this mountain range".
Located 16 km west of downtown Hanoi, the Museum of the Ho Chi Minh Trail boasts a contemporary architectural style.
It was inaugurated on April 10, 1999, on the 40th anniversary of Brigade 559, whose members built the legendary Truong Son trail crossing.
Director of the Museum Colonel Ngan Chai says the museum has a dual purpose:
to preserve and display objects used by the Vietnamese troops who fought on this trail and to commemorate the solidarity between the Vietnamese, Laotians and Cambodians involved in the struggle:
"The Ho Chi Minh Trail Museum is a continuation of the old Truong Son Museum which was established in 1968.
At that time, the museum’s staff were cadres and soldiers responsible for political and ideological education.
Their work helped galvanize the troops during the war".
Walking through the museum, you will learn about the Ho Chi Minh Trail, the route of strategic supply for anti-American resistance.
The museum covers ​​17,000 square meters and has three levels of exhibits on an area of 28,000 square meters.
At the entrance is a bronze sculpture representing the military corps which fought in the Truong Son mountain range.
Showrooms reproduce the chronological history of the Ho Chi Minh trail from the time when soldiers carried ammunition on their backs to the opening of paved roads in what the Western press called at the time "the labyrinth jungle”.
Colonel Ngan Chai said:
"In 1995, our museum changed its name to the "National Museum of the Ho Chi Minh Trail”. The museum inherited all the archives and all the artifacts of the Truong Son Museum.
We now have 20,000 objects.
Because the exhibition space can accommodate only 2000 objects, we organize regular exhibits to introduce all of our objects to the public.
We also organize mobile exhibits.
The Museum of the Ho Chi Minh trail fascinates visitors with its lively and creatively depiction of the exploits of the Vietnamese army.
In particular, the museum has a replica of a covered road, known as a K road, that was involved in the laser war.
Colonel Ngan Chai says it reflects the creativity of Vietnamese soldiers:
"These covered roads were constructed in the shade of the jungle. At the time, our troops often moved at night.
The US Air Force used lasers to detect Vietnamese military movements.
This is why the Truong Son soldiers had the idea of creating these covered roads to allow their vehicles to move during the day.
They bent branches of large trees or planted new trees and hung them with orchids to cover the roads.
In total, they created 3,000 km of covered roads.
This method had never been used before and was unprecedented in the history of war. It enabled Vietnamese soldiers to transport ammunition to the southern front”.
The Museum of the Ho Chi Minh Trail is Vietnam’s third most visited museum, welcoming tens of thousands of Vietnamese and foreign visitors each year.
Colonel Nguyen Hai Binh is Head of the Display and Communications Department of the Museum:
"Veterans, students and foreign tourists express their impression and sentiments for Truong Son soldiers.
Before coming here, many have read about Truong Son but visiting the museum brings them face to face with a legend.
For foreign tourists, Truong Son is not only a legend, it is also a subject of study.
They want to see all of our items".
These precious objects are closely associated with Vietnamese history and provide some excellent historical education for younger generations.
Hanoi Opera House
Located in the heart of the capital city of Hanoi, Hanoi Opera House is only a prominent example of French architecture but also a venue that frequently hosts major events.
The Opera House is a tourist attraction and the pride of Hanoi.
The Opera House is located at No 1 Trang Tien Street, close to the Restored Sword Lake.
It was once described by Japanese architects as the most beautiful architectural site in Southeast Asia.
Strongly inspired by the Garnier Opera House in Paris, this building was built between 1901 and 1911 with the help of two French engineers Travary and Savelon.
The Opera House’s theater, stairs, lobby and entrance door embody the European architectural style of the early 20th century.
The building has an area of 2,600 m2, a length of 87m, a width of 30m and a height of 34m.
The large front veranda overlooks the August Revolution square.
In the 870-seat concert hall, the seats are covered with leather or velvet.
The second and third levels have private boxes for VIP guests and families.
At the rear of theater, there are administrative rooms, dressing rooms, rehearsal hall, a library and meeting rooms.
Near the main hall on the first floor is the prestigious hall of mirrors for meetings and cocktails.
The Hanoi Opera House was renovated in 1997 to host the Francophone summit held in Vietnam for the first time.
Architect Hoang Dao Kinh aided the restoration work:
"Of all the architectural works in Vietnam, none has as beautiful and sophisticated zinc decoration zinc as the Hanoi Opera House. Needless to say, the restoration was very difficult.
We called for tenders from French companies, but their prices were very high at that time costing several millions of dollars.
So we decided to use Vietnamese artisans.
They were extremely competent. They created molds of 7-8 levels to restore the zinc decorations at a cost 4 or 5 times lower than that proposed by the French.
When French experts came to visit the Opera House after restoration, they all expressed their admiration for the Vietnamese artisans”.
Another challenge for the artisans was to restore the roof of the Opera House using stones from Lai Chau province instead of imported tiles.
With its restoration, the Opera House regained its extravagant beauty.
It is now a tourist attraction and a venue for concerts and art performances.
Nguyen Cong Cuong is a tourist:
"I’m very impressed with the French architectural style of the Hanoi Opera House.
It is located on a beautiful square surrounded by other French architectural sites but it is the most impressive".
For the Vietnamese, the Hanoi Opera House and August Revolution Square are historic relics.
On August 19, 1945, Hanoians gathered in the square for a huge rally and then headed to the Palace of the Special Envoy of the King to seize power.
Today, the Hanoi Opera House is also a venue for conferences and important meetings.
It is part of Hanoi’s previous architectural heritage.
Doing farm work in rural Hoi An
3 km from Hoi An, Tra Que village offers tourists a chance to stand in the shoes of a Vietnamese peasant, wearing a traditional conical hat and grow vegetables.
You can ride a bike from Hoi An to Tra Que village.
For the past ten years, the villagers have been welcoming foreign tourists who come to experience farming work.
Tra Que village which is famous for herbs grown with clean technology, is now a popular destination for tourists.
Do Thi Thanh is a farmer in Tra Que:
“Tra Que herbs are aromatic with small leaves.
It takes us about 20 days to grow and harvest them.
I grow vegetables for wholesale.
I have been growing vegetables for more than 20 years.
Herbs are often used with chicken rice, salads, mussels and eggs. Tourists come here to see and experience farm work.
We teach them how to plough the soil, apply fertilizer and water the vegetables.
Normally, it takes one hour to prepare the soil for a vegetable patch.
The tourists are very excited and happy. They like doing this job”.
The village has a hundred families who grow mainly vegetables and herbs.
Le Thi Binh is a local farmer:
“We never use chemicals, only water from the river to water the vegetables.
Vegetables and herbs grown here are very aromatic”.
Here, any villager can be your tour guide. All are hospitable and welcome you with open arms and a smile.
Farmer Ho Xuan Thanh explains why herbs from his village are so famous:
"The herbs grown here have a particular scent that cannot be found anywhere else.
The plants are small but packed with essential oils.
Our village definitely has special climatic and geological conditions. Also, we used no fertilizer but freshwater algae. The same varieties grown elsewhere do not have the same scent.
Tra Que village is not included in package tours, but it’s still a popular destination for Hoi An tourists.
Vuong Hoang is Director of the Cu Lao Cham Tour Company:
“Most tourists enjoy this tour because it’s a new experience for them. The vegetable village is an attraction for them.
They’re willing to spend 40 to 50 USD to be a farmer.
Vegetables here are naturally grown with algae so they have a special scent”.
Since 2004, Quang Nam provincial authorities have upgraded the village’s infrastructure and registered trade marks for Tra Que herbs to attract more tourists and protect the 400-year-old village.
It's been over ten years that the locals have been benefiting from this type of community tourism.
A visitor named Beth has just finished her work day in the field.
My Son Sanctuary: an attractive destination
My Son Sanctuary has been named by touropia.com as one of the 10 most attractive destinations in Vietnam.
The site was listed as a World Heritage by UNESCO in 1999 and is an outstanding example of the architecture of the Champa kingdom.
The scorching heat of summer doesn’t keep visitors from walking around My Son to admire the beauty of the temple.
The cool air inside the temple and the sound of cicadas singing outside the temple inspire the tourists.
Although many towers have been damaged, what remains is enough to amaze visitors, said one German tourist:
“This is the first time I’ve come here. I’m very happy because the temples here are beautiful.
With 70 buildings of brick and stone built between the fourth and thirteenth centuries, My Son was once the religious and political capital of the kingdom of Champa and the burial place of kings and monks.
In My Son, the object of worship is the linga, an upright stone and classic representation of Shiva. The temple worships Bhardresvara, founder of the King Amaravati region near the end of the fourth century.
Today My Son has thirty brick towers, although most of them are in ruins. This shrine is considered a museum where you can discover the culture of the Kingdom of Champa.
Architectural and sculptural works are mirrors of the minds of the Cham people, enabling us to understand their conception of the universe, life and death.
The sanctuary of My Son has been damaged by erosion and war. But the site has been reborn from its ashes to boast a unique beauty that attracts tourists from around the world.
Dat Chu, who lives in Ninh Thuan, told VOV:
"I’m very moved to visit the temple because it is here that I found my home. The site has become a heritage.
Champa culture is mysterious, diverse and original. Scientists have not finished unraveling all the secrets hidden in every brick and stone”.
In 2013, after 14 years of restoration, the public was allowed to visit temple G, one of the most important buildings at the site.
More than 60 objects from the temple were discovered and restored.
Federico, an Italian archaeologist who participated in the restoration of the temple between 2004 and 2005, said:
"Before participating in this project, I read a lot about Champa culture.
But seeing the temples with my own eyes, it is superb!
The restored work is beautiful. It's like a miracle”.
The My Son Sanctuary is a must-see in central Vietnam.
Just as picturesque as the famous temples of Angkor in Cambodia, the Bagan in Myanmar, or the Borobudur in Indonesia, My Son Sanctuary is a witness to the history of the Champa Kingdom and a World Heritage.
Pha Din pass- path for artilleries to enter Dien Bien Phu battlefield
Pha Din pass, which is 32 km long, is the gateway to Dien Bien province.
Its highest peak is 1,648 meters above sea level.
60 years ago, Pha Din pass was the place from which soldiers pulled the artillery up the mountain to the Dien Bien Phu battlefield.
The terrain of Pha Din pass now is not as difficult as before though there are still 8 sharp zigzag bends along the road.
Works has been done to lower the altitude of the pass and the width of the road has been expanded making it easier to go through it.
60 years ago, Pha Din pass was part of the pipeline supplying ammunitions and food to the Dien Bien Phu battlefield.
It was where 8,000 young volunteers, militia and workers carried ammunition and rice up the mountain everyday.
It was the place where ground forces and artillerymen marched through to Dien Bien Phu, whose secret name then was Tran Dinh.
Composer Hoang Van, who composed the song “Artillery pulling chant”, still remembers the marches through Pha Din pass 60 years ago: “Before entering Muong Thanh field, we had to go through a long zigzag pass on which some soldiers drove cars while other soldiers and laborers carried or pushed bicycles carrying supplies to the front.
The supply line began in late 1953.
The pass was dozens of kilometers and winding while French planes continuously dropped bombs destroying cars, trucks and bicycles carrying rice.
At that time, we had to be careful to avoid enemy bombings.
After that, we had to pull artillery up the mountain. All these experiences inspired me to compose the song “Artillery pulling chant”.
Pha Din pass was the most difficult section in the journey of moving the artillery. After Pha Din pass, the soldiers had to pull their weapons over many slopes, abysses and high peaks to move toward Him Lam base, Doc Lap hill, A1 hill and the De Castries tunnel.
The Dien Bien soldiers’ efforts to haul their weaponry are unimaginable.
Composer Hoang Van again:
“As we hauled our ammunitions, dozens of people were arranged at each end of it.
At one end, some people pulled the artillery and at the other end, some people pushed it.
We used a winch and put a roller inside to pull the artillery.
Every time we heaved, we elevated the artillery on the roller, so that it could a step.
Once the enemy dropped a bomb and broke the winch, and our supplies rolled down the abyss.
Our hero To Vinh Dien then plunged under the artillery to save it”.
It is now about dozens of kilometers from Pha Din pass to Dien Bien city.
But during the Dien Bien Phu campaign, the length of the road was not calculated by kilometers but by the hardship that the soldiers suffered.There were different roads for carrying supplies to carry artilleries to the battlefield.
Some roads were used for just a few hours for artilleries to go through and then hidden by the forest as if they had never existed.
There was a special section of the road that was 15 km long and built within 20 hours running distance from Na Nham forest to Ngheu hamlet.
On that road, Vietnamese soldiers manually pulled 2.4-ton artilleries, 75 mm canons and 120 mm mortars through difficult mountains, deep abysses and enemy bombs to join the opening battle of the Dien Bien Phu campaign on March 13, 1954.
Pham Duc Cu was a former artilleryman at Dien Bien Phu:
“Our condition was very harsh.
When we were 15 to 18 km from Dien Bien Phu, we had to pull the artillery manually.
It was the most difficult section of the road.
The Dien Bien artillerymen must have been made of bronze bodies and iron feet. We will never forget the winding roads and slopes in Bay Toi, U Mau, Suoi Ngua and Voi Phuc, where we pulled 2.4-ton artilleries up to the battlefield”.
A monument to the memory of hero To Vinh Dien and his artillery platoon was erected 20 km from Dien Bien.
The monument reminds younger generations of Vietnam’s glorious history and the heroic soldiers of Dien Bien Phu.
Kinh Bac- cradle of Great Viet civilization
Bac Ninh province is often referred to as the Kinh Bac- Northern region. The name is associated with a land with a long history and ancient culture. Previously, Kinh Bac consisted of Bac Giang province and Dong Anh and Long Bien districts of Hanoi.
The region is associated with several legends and is considered the cradle of the great Viet civilization.
Located in the center of the Red River Delta, Kinh Bac is blessed with fertile land, beautiful landscapes and favorable conditions for economic and cultural exchanges with other localities throughout the country. Since the early years before Christ, the region was one of the cradles of the wet rice civilization and the founding place of the Great Viet civilization.
It is home to several relics, pagodas, towers, temples and stupas which were built under several feudal regimes.
Kinh Bac is also famous nationwide for its folk festivals, especially Quan Ho folk singing, which was recognized by UNESCO as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity.
Kinh Bac inspires visitors with its cultural and historical vestiges.
Dinh Bang village in Tu Son district is home to the stupas of 8 Kings of the Ly dynasties, Co Phap temple and Do temple, which worships 8 Kings of the Ly Dynasty from the 11th to the 13thcentury.
Nguyen Thac Kim is from the Management Board of Do Temple Relic:
“The Ly dynasty built a unified monarchy, a unified country, and a unified government. The Le dynasty also set up social, economic and cultural establishments contributing to the development of Vietnamese culture and civilization and the army.
During peacetime, people cultivated crops. In wartime, they served as soldiers.
With such policies, the Ly dynasty developed a strong economy and successfully defended the nation”.
King Duong Vuong’s stupa and the Temple of Lac Long Quan and Au Co in A Lu village, Thuan Thanh district are also popular destinations.
The Luy Lau ancient citadel with market streets, temples and tower pagodas shows that this area used to be a political, economic, trade, Buddhism and Confucianism center of Vietnam.
Thuan Thanh is also the home of various traditional crafts and folk arts such as the folk paintings of Dong Ho village, the Ca Tru singing of Thanh Tuong village, and water puppetry of Bui Xa village.
There are many relics in Thuan Thanh that are closely associated with the history and development of Buddhism in Vietnam including Dau pagoda and But Thap pagoda, which has several Buddha statues and valuable antiques reflecting Vietnamese people’s creativity in architecture and sculpture.
Nguyen Huu Nam is a cultural officer in Thuan Thanh:
“But Thap is one of Bac Ninh’s most ancient pagodas.
There are several architectural structures and sculptured works typical of the 17th century in the pagoda. They include the wooden statue of Bodhisattva Kuan-yin of a thousand eyes and hands and Bao Nghiem stone-sculpture tower, known as Pen Tower.
But Thap pagoda is one of the few that retains its ancient style.
Kinh Bac was the center of national defense and cultural development during Vietnam’s feudal regimes.
There is also the Bac Ninh Temple of Literature which honors more than 600 laureates of Bac Ninh, one third of the laureates nationwide under the feudal regimes.
Kinh Bac civilization is also reflected in the tradition, customs and lifestyle of the local people.
Nam Yet- a coconut island
Located in the north of the Truong Sa (Spratley) Archipelago, in Khanh Hoa province, Nam Yet island is called the “Coconut island”.
From afar, the island is like a blue silk strait with ranges of coconut trees.
With a width of about 200m and a length of 600m, Nam Yet island is oval-shaped.
Trees typical of Truong Sa archipelago are planted on Nam Yet island but coconuts are the most numerous.
Colonel Phan Van Dich, Deputy Head of the Logistics Department of Brigade 146, who has worked on the island for nearly 30 years, says that the soil on Nam Yet island is good for growing coconut trees: "When we arrived on the island, coconut trees were already there.
The elders told us that those coconut trees came from the mainland.
They are becoming more numerous as Nam Yet now grows seedlings to plant on other islands of the archipelago”.
It is difficult to count the number of coconut trees growing on the island but it is certain that the care given to these plants is an art that takes time and work.
Colonel Nguyen Van Tam, a Political Commissar of Group 1 on the island says that Nam Yet is paying closer attention to growing coconuts.
Dry and stunted coconuts will be nursed and when they are 30 cm high, will be transplanted to a garden.
Coconuts here are planted at 2 times: in the spring and whenever soldiers leave the island, because they want to plant a coconut tree as a souvenir. Tam says:“I ​​was stationed on the island twice and I planted six coconuts.
Our team has planted another 14 coconut trees.
It takes time and efforts to grow coconuts even if the tree does not require much watering.
When the plants are large, we must remove dead leaves and place on top of the coconut a small packet of salt to make it produce more fruit and prevent disease.
Coconut trees are resistant to the harsh climate on the island.
They produce fruit throughout the year and particularly during the dry season.
A tree can provide 2 to 4 clusters coconuts.
Colonel Bui Van Thanh, Political Commissar of Group 3 on Nam Yet island, says:
"Our group has planted nearly a hundred coconuts, of which 50 are already yielding fruit.
We reap the fruit only on special occasions such as Tet or during visits by people from the mainland. We never count them but coconuts are numerous.
In recent years, the coconut trees gave many fruits thanks to good care”.
Products made from coconut trees are popular on the island.
The leaves are used to cover vegetable gardens and animal shelters.
Dried coconuts are used to scoop water. Some skilled soldiers even embed shells to make nice gifts for their family and friends.
Colonel Tran Dinh Hoa is the Political Commissar on Nam Yet island:
“We take good care of the coconut trees because they provide water and food for our soldiers.
Coconuts make the island green and they are strong enough to withstand the harsh conditions on the island.
Coconut trees are a symbol of Vietnam, representing Vietnam’s national sovereignty”.
Coconut trees stand majestically to protect the island from waves like the soldiers who spare no effort to defend national sovereignty.
My Son Sanctuary: A unique and majestic heritage of humanity
Located in the central province of Quang Nam, 69 km southwest of Danang, the My Son Sanctuary is nestled in a closed valley.
With 70 towers embodying the historic, cultural, architectural and artistic values of Champa civilization, My Son is comparable to the most famous heritages in Southeast Asia including Borobudur of Indonesia, Pagan of Myanmar, and Angkor Wat of Cambodia.
My Son was recognized as a World Cultural Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1999.
Built in the 4th century, My Son was once the religious and political capital of the Champa Kingdom and the burial place of kings and monks.
Architect Kazimiers Kwiakowski, who has studied My Son architecture for several years, says that from the 4th to the 13th century Cham people built this magnificent architectural work with their souls and hearts.
He describes the museum as a special sculpture museum of humanity.
Within a radius of 2 km, towers and tombs in My Son reflect architectural influences of Indian religion.
There is one main tower in the middle and several smaller towers surrounding.
The main tower worships the Linga or Shiva statue.
In front of each tower, there is a place to arrange offerings and conduct ceremonial rituals.
All towers have a pyramidal roof and face east to receive sunlight.
Many towers are decorated with genie statues and beautiful patterns.
Huynh Tan Lap is Vice-President of the My Son Relic Management Committee.
"Hinduism is the religion practiced here.
The religion worships three main gods in the abstract form of the Linga and Yoni, which symbolize Yin and Yang.
In the Sanscrit language, Linga and Yoni represent masculinity and femininity.
The religion reflects the idea that there is Yin and Yang in the universe.
The Linga and Yoni are the main worshiping objects in the main temple."
Most of the towers are built of brick with a sophisticated technique.
Stone pillars are decorated with bas-reliefs of sandstone depicting scenes from Hindu mythology. These are delicate and expressive sculptures reflecting the Champa arts.
Dat Chu, a Cham in Ninh Thuan says:
"Champa culture is diverse and rich.
Researchers never finish discovering the secrets of Champa culture hidden in every brick and stone.
Not only me but all the Cham in Ninh Thuan are very proud”.
The architecture of My Son is the quintessence of Champa culture and arts.Wu Shang is a Chinese tourist: "I ​​went to Hue, Da Nang, Hoi An and My Son because there are only a few world cultural heritage sites left.
I have visited several shrines in the world but I must say that My Son is particularly well preserved."
My Son is known as a beautiful cultural treasure of the ancient Cham people and a lively architectural museum of the aesthetics of humanity.
Despite ravages of war and time, My Son Sanctuary stands as a witness to the history of the ancient Champa, and is an important part of the world’s cultural heritage.
Hoi An in the eyes of foreigners
Hoi An ancient town with it mossy houses, wooden bridges and ancient wells dating back 3 centuries is always a magic magnet for both Vietnamese and foreign tourists Reputed to be the most charming town in Vietnam, Hoi An has become a key destination for foreign tourists passing through central Vietnam.
The first thing that strikes visitors upon arriving in Hoi An is the feeling of returning to the 16th century because of its ancient architecture, peacefulness and hospitality. There are no horns.
Motorbikes are banned from 8:00 to 11:00, from 14h to 16h30 and from 18 h to 21 h.
This makes the city more peaceful and beautiful at meal time.
Mara Landoni, an Italian architect, thinks Hoi An is most beautiful in the morning:
“I like walking around the town in the early morning when the street is not crowded.
I like to see people opening their shops.
It’s the best moment for me ".
In the morning, Hoi An seduces you with cobblestones, mossy houses and flowering bougainvillea.
Kiara is another Italian tourist. She visited Hoi An after hearing about this magical place: “I think it’s very beautiful and amazing.
I like the architecture of the old town.
I like local people. They are very friendly”.
Kiara’s impressions are shared by her son Francesco, who spent an unforgettable few days in this ancient Vietnamese town: “It’s very nice.
I like the lanterns lights and many things. I like all the places including pagodas. Our guide show us many interesting things”
If Hoi An is fairly quiet during the day, in the evening, it comes alive and sparkles in the lights of lanterns.
Tourists usually prefer Hoi An at night.
Sandra is a Latvian tourist:
At night, Hoi An is quite different.
The streets are lit by the light of candles and lanterns. It is absolutely beautiful.
" Every street corner and house is decorated with colorful lanterns made by the local people.
Walking along the small lanes, listening to the sounds of wooden windchimes, melodious music on the street corners, and chanting on the Hoai river, visitors grow more and more enamored with Hoi An.
Nguyen Su is Secretary of the Hoi An Municipal Party Committee:
“In the ancient streets at night, you have the feeling that everything is moving more slowly.
Walking around the streets, smelling the fragrance of aloe wood and listening to the unhurried sounds around you make you feel more relaxed.
The ancient town is like a stage play”.
Full moon nights are particularly conducive to exploring Hoi An. When night falls, the town lights its lamps and is filled with delicious odors.
Lantern street in HCM City
Storeowners on Cho Lon Street, also known as lantern street, in District 5 of Ho Chi Minh City are busily preparing to welcome hundreds of visitors and shoppers during the upcoming Mid-Autumn Festival.
Every year on the last days of the July lunar calendar Cho Lon Street alights with lanterns to welcome them.
With only two weeks left to prepare there is little time for these storeowners to spare in getting ready.
On the street there are nearly 100 stores selling all types of specialized lanterns.
Pumpkin lanterns made of paper attract the attention of many.
This year there are fewer battery-powered lanterns with Chinese music than in previous years, as shoppers prefer those made in Vietnam out of bamboo.
Children prefer lanterns with animal collections.
Traditional colourful star-shaped lanterns are always popular.
There are lanterns everywhere.
Both children and adults like vividly bright lanterns.
Thousands of decorations to go along with the lanterns are also on sale.
Prices aren’t marked on sale items but sellers are always ready to dicker on the price.
Vietnamese donut
‘Banh ran’ is a delicious finger food for breakfast in Vietnam.
There are two main kinds of banh ran, namely salty cake and sweet one with the latter being much more common than the former.
While the filling of sweet cake is sweet mashed mung bean, that of salty cake is quite similar to pillow cake‘s, a mixture of minced meat, prawn, glass noodle, veggie.
What is more, among different types of sweet cake, the cake coated with sesame seeds is the best choice due to its moderate sweet taste, crispy cover and subtle fragrant.
The dough is a blend of glutinous rice flour, rice flour, mashed potato and sugar.
Mashed mung bean filling is rolled into ball shape, wrapped inside the dough and then rolled over a plate of sesame to make its sesame coat.
After deep-fried, the cake is getting golden brown, crispy and aromatic.
Hiding under that crispy cover is the sweet and nutty flavor of potato, rice, and mung bean.
So just relish it and discover how tasty it is!
Ganh Da Dia - Giant “beehive” in Phu Yen sea
Ganh Da Dia, which means Sea Cliff of Stone Plates, is a seashore area of uniformly interlocking basalt rock columns located along the coast in An Ninh Dong Commune, Tuy An District, Phu Yen Province in central Vietnam.
The area is about 100 meters wide and 250 meters long, composed of an estimated 35,000 columns of basalt rocks.
The rocks are dark lava columns with roughly flat surfaces of different shapes - round, pentagon, hexagon, polygon...
Ganh Da Dia looks like a gigantic beehive or pile of dinner plates, hence the name.
The rock columns were created from volcanic eruptions millions of years ago; when the molten basalt flows met cold water, they solidified and created polygonal formations due to thermal contraction.
Ganh Da Dia was listed as a National Heritage site in January 1998 by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
Hectic Tuy Hoa fishing port at dawn
Visitors traveling to Tuy Hoa fishing port located in the coastal city of Tuy Hoa in Phu Yen Province at around 5 a.m. will have a chance to see how local fishermen begin the day early in the morning.
The fishing port is among the hectic trading places in the coastal city.
To local fishermen and traders, this is the most significant time when fishing boats laden with seafood return to the port after fishing trips.
A lot of baskets full of freshly-caught seafood are transported ashore one after another by suntanned men whose weather-battered faces always show happiness for their work.
Meanwhile, traders swiftly pick some baskets containing the freshest seafood and then deliver to many other places.
The fishing port is also very famous for the best tuna with certain ones weighing up to hundreds of kilograms.
Heading for the trading area situated right in the port, visitors will get amazed by the bustle and hustle of buyers and sellers.
A wide variety of fresh seafood such as fish, crab, prawn and squid are offered for sale.
Some people say seafood bought at the port is not actually cheaper than in other markets but they can choose the freshest items.
In addition to local people, a lot of tourists paying a visit to Phu Yen Province prefer going shopping at Tuy Hoa fishing port early in the morning.
They can also admire the beautiful sunrise over the horizon and fishing boats busily checking in and out at the same time.
Despite hard work under the sun, Phu Yen fishermen always give a broad grin on their faces.
To them, every fishing trip full of fish is a great happiness in the daily lives.
New life for Mekong floating market
The Mekong Delta province of Hau Giang is developing eco-tourism products based on its rivers, fruit orchards, and rural sights and life, according to its Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
They include Nga Bay floating market in Nga Bay town, an ecological tourism zone in Vi Thuy District and agriculture tourism in Vi Thanh city.
Do Chieu Qui, the department’s director, said the province was undertaking a 35 billion VND (1.5 million USD) project to revive Nga Bay floating market for tourism purposes.
The market would be turned into one of the province’s key river tourism products, he said.
Since the floating market was established in 1915 it was located at the meeting point of seven canals and rivers in Nga Bay town and become one of the delta’s busiest markets.
But a decade ago local authorities moved it to a new site three kilometres away to improve traffic safety at the confluence, and the market’s activities began to dwindle because of the inconvenient location.
The project to revive it is expected to be completed in 2019.
At the 145ha ecological tourism zone, several tasks have been completed, including the dredging of a 14km canal and creation of a 13ha fruit orchard, 5ha bird garden and 11ha area for breeding wild animals and freshwater aquatic species.
The zone is expected to be ready by the end of 2018, according to the department.
The department is also working with relevant agencies and district authorities to conserve and develop historic and cultural relics, including the Temple of Uncle Ho, Can Tho Party Committee base and Relics of Chuong Dien Victory.
The province has also set up community tourism sites at the Cau Duc pineapple farming area in Vi Thanh and Long Tri sweet mandarin area in Long My District and developed agricultural tourism in Vi Thanh.
Hau Giang has zoned off a 130ha eco-tourism area at the Mua Xuan Agricultural Centre in Phung Hiep District.
It also plans to develop eco-tourism at the 2,800ha Lung Ngoc Hoang Nature Wetland Reserve in Phung Hiep.
Hau Giang, located in the delta’s central part, hopes to attract 160,000 tourists a year, including 18,000 foreigners, by 2020, according to its tourism development plan.
Speaking at a meeting on August 12, the province’s Party Committee Secretary, Tran Cong Chanh, told local authorities to continue surveying sites so that appropriate tourism development plans can be made and human resources developed.
The investment to develop eco-tourism sites should be linked with the national programme to build new rural areas, he said.
The Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism should monitor and provide advice during the process of creating eco-tourism products at the Mua Xuan Agricultural Centre, he said.
After two years of implementing the province Party Committee’s Resolution No. 9 on developing tourism, Hau Giang has also organised many tourism training courses for households in eco-tourism areas.
On August 3, for instance, 40 farmers in Vi Thuy District were provided training in tourism.
The trainees also visited a community tourism model in the district.
Le Quoc Chien, who has participated in a tourism training course, offers tourism services in his 1ha fruit orchard in Vi Thanh.
He grows many kinds of fruits like durian, mangosteen, jack fruit, red flesh dragon fruit, mango and guava and also has ponds for tourists to fish.
Le Minh Tam of Nga Bay town’s Nga Bay Ward developed his 5ha Burmese grape orchard into a tourism site in 2014.
It receives about 100 tourists a day, and 300-400 during the peak Burmese grape harvest season.
Tam has tied up with travel companies in HCM City and Vinh Long and Kien Giang provinces to bring tourists to his orchard, which has fruits between April and September.
“I plan to replace old Burmese grape plants with other trees like king orange and rambutan to ensure my orchard has fruits year round.”
Grilled sharpbelly - A specialty of Phu Yen Province
As simple as the dish is but grilled sharpbelly is a very famous dish in the land of Phu Yen where visitors can hardly ignore.
Like other freshwater fishes such as sand goby and white fish, sharpbelly is long and thin, up to an adult finger, usually live in herds in the rivers and streams.
Fresh sharpbelly is washed and grilled or fried then is cooked over charcoal fire.
When grilling, you need to always turnover each side so that its scab is cooked without being charred.
It is served with vegetables of all kinds, fresh rice noodles, rice paper with spicy sauce.
There are many ways to eat grilled sharpbelly, it can be served with fish sauce and rice.
But the most delicious way is to roll with ricepaper and other vegetables, such as lettuce, cucumber; fragrant basil; slip basil; and fresh beansprout along with spicy chilli fish sauce. /
Diep Son islands - the most attractive beach in 2016 summer
Diep Son islands, located in the Van Phong Bay in the south central province of Khanh Hoa is well-known for its white-sand beach, crystal-clear water and the winding path connecting two islets.
Diep Son islands consist of three small islets.
There is the unique road on the islands.
Crystal clear water.
There are many beautiful, untouched beaches.
Diep Son is among the favourite destinations of young people.
Catering services are available.
5 experiences not to be missed in Vietnam
There's no point dipping your foot in the water; you have to dive right in on a trip to Vietnam.
Vietnam boasts an abundance of beautiful sights to behold and delicious food to taste.
But if time is not your friend, here are five must-visit destinations that will guarantee you a trip to remember.
Taking a train to Sapa
Sapa is a small town in the northern province of Lao Cai.
Dubbed the "the Tonkinese Alps", the region is home to hill tribe minority groups who farm on terraced rice fields.
Mount Fansipan, the roof of Indochina, stands tall at 3,143 meters right in the center of the Hoang Lien Son mountain range not far from Sapa.
Taking a train from Hanoi to Lao Cai.
The town, 376km north of Hanoi, is easily accessible by an overnight train from the capital.
One can take a bus too, but such a long journey is usually reserved for those with a thirst for adventure.
The train, on the other hand, is safe, cheap and convenient while still affording you a breathtaking view out of the window from a cabin that still breathes the air from the French colonial period.
If you opt for the train, tickets should be booked at least a few days or even months in advance, especially if you plan to travel during public holidays such as Labor Day on May 1 or National Day on September 2.
Drinking ‘bia hoi’ with locals
‘Bia hoi’, roughly translated as fresh beer, is a locally-brewed, preservative-free beer served at small bars and at street corners.
A visit to Hanoi is incomplete without a stop at the ‘bia hoi’ corner at the crossroads of Luong Ngoc Quyen, Ta Hien and Dinh Liet streets for a glass of 20 cent beer.
Most ‘bia hoi’ joints also serve inexpensive street food that goes well with the beer.
There are prawns barbecued with chili and salt, clams steamed with lemongrass, green mango with a prawn-chili-salt dip or coconut snails sautéed with butter and fish sauce.
Instead of a “proper” table, you’ll find yourself seated on tiny plastic stools, most likely blue, which also serve as mini tables.
As the alcohol kicks in, you’ll soon forget the discomfort in your legs to cheer the night away.
Overnight cruise in Ha Long Bay
Ha Long Bay, the famous UNESCO World Heritage Site, is not to be missed in the northern province of Quang Ninh. Spanning an area of 1,553 km2, the bay features thousands of limestone karsts formed over 500 million years and 2,000 islets that come in all shapes and sizes. You can venture out onto the waters in a kayak, descend into mysterious caves or discover your own secret hideout among the thousands of islets.
The sunrise or sunset on a cruisewould take your breath away.
Travelers can book an overnight cruise that comes with a double room, breakfast, lunch and dinner.
As the sun comes up, you will be treated to piercing limestone karsts rising majestically out of the bay.
By evening, a candlelight dinner awaits you onboard under the stars and the moon, lighting the way for small fishing boats heading out for the night.
Hoi An food heaven
Inside the ancient town of Hoi An lies a whole new world for you to discover. And it’s not just 16th century houses for which this former port city has been recognized by UNESCO as a World Heritage.
On its small sidewalks and inside unassuming houses there are 1,001 street food specialties awaiting you.
Here are just a few to add to your bucket list, because you won’t find a cheaper or tastier equivalent anywhere else:
- ‘Mi Quang’, or Quang noodles, the central sister of pho, just bigger and with a pulpy rather than silky texture
- ‘Hen xuc banh trang’: Vietnamese burritos - sautéed clams eaten with crispy rice paper
- ‘Cao lau’: Brown noodles with pork and greens, only in Hoi An
Floating market in Mekong Delta
The Mekong Delta down south is criss-crossed with thousands of canals interlocking through fields and mangrove forests that have created a world of their own: life on water.
Put your bike aside and jump in a boat to discover tropical fruits on offer at floating markets.
The most famous ones include Cai Rang (Can Tho Province), Cai Be (Tien Giang Province), Phung Hiep (also called Nga Bay in Hau Giang Province), Long Xuyen (An Giang Province) and Tra On (Vinh Long Province).
Floating markets have long been the iconic feature of the Mekong Delta.
In the midst of hundreds of boats anchored next to each other, you’ll find huge crowds of buyers and seller bargaining over fruit, fish, poultry, fabric, home appliances and farming tools.
The goods are hung on long bamboo polls for customers to choose from.
For the more adventurous, you can go snake and snake wine shopping in Phung Hiep Market.
Vietnam's most beautiful lakes
Immerse yourself in stunning bodies of water from north to south.
These must-see lakes have become ideal tourist destinations for those who wish to escape their hectic lives and immerse themselves in nature.
Ba Be Lake, Bac Kan
Ba Be lake, which means ‘Three Lakes’ in English, is located in the northern province of Bac Kan, about 240 kilometers northwest of the capital Hanoi.
Surrounded by limestone cliffs, Vietnam’s largest natural freshwater lake stretches about eight kilometers north to south and reaches depths of 35 meters.
It takes visitors at least two days to explore the lake, not to mention the nearby caves and a spectacular waterfall further upstream.
West Lake, Hanoi
West Lake is Hanoi’s largest freshwater lake, located right in the center of the capital.
The lake draws scores of foreign tourists as well as local citizens who wish to see a thin blanket of mist rise over the surface at sunrise and sunset.
Take a trip around the lake to see how people live and fish, and you will forget all about the city’s crazy traffic.
Song Muc Lake, Thanh Hoa
Set in Ben En National Park in the northern coastal province of Thanh Hoa, Song Muc Lake is the main tourist attraction.
Filled by the Muc River and four other streams, the water is always crystal clear throughout the year.
Together with a group of 21 floating islands, tourists can enjoy sightseeing excursions by boat or kayak.
They can also experience daily life and cast their lines at a spot of fishing.
Ke Go Lake, Ha Tinh
Ke Go Lake was built in 1976 in the central province of Ha Tinh.
It is the largest irrigation project in the province, and holds 350 million cubic meters of water.
Covered by natural forests with abundant flora and fauna, Ke Go Lake has been visited by both national and international scientists.
Tourists who reach Ke Go can now take a boat to take in water pouring down from the mountain, have a picnic along the banks and enjoy grilled fish, a specialty of the region.
Tuyen Lam Lake, Lam Dong
No one knows for sure when and why the lake was called Tuyen Lam, but many think that Tuyen stands for stream and Lam stands for forest.
Tuyen Lam is a place where water and trees meet.
Located in the Central Highland province of Lam Dong, where the dry season lasts up to six months, the lake is full of water all year round.
If viewed from the cable hanger above, Tuyen Lam Lake is as a miniature ocean with each island oasis on the lake representing a continent.
Here tourists have a chance to enjoy the cool highlands air, explore the cultural patterns of ethnic groups and join in exciting activities like elephant riding.
To Nung Lake, Gia Lai
Located six kilometers north of downtown Pleiku in the Central Highland province of Gia Lai, To Nung Lake is in fact a volcanic crater formed millions of years ago.
The lake has a surface of 280 hectares (692 acres) and an average depth of 16-19 meters, reaching 40 meters at its deepest.
Visitors can discover To Nung Lake by boat, but they can also choose to enjoy the beautiful landscapes from the back of an elephant.
In the evening, they can share a dance, a song or some wine with local ethnic people while listening to their traditional music.
Romantic Bo Bo Pine Forest
Around 25km southwest of Da Nang, the Bo Bo Pine Forest is situated in Dien Tien Commune in Quang Nam Province’s Dien Ban District.
The forest consists of 4 small hills located in an area covering more than 200ha.
The forest boasts romantic natural landscapes thanks to its beautiful pine trees, birds singing, peaceful lakes, and year-round cool weather.
Tran Van Dung, a local young photographer, is a typical example. He said “I accidentally saw Bo Bo Pine Forest when I was on my way to Dai Loc District.
I was mesmerised by the forest’s amazing natural landscapes, and decided to take some photos and upload them on my Facebook page.
Many people from my Facebook friends list were also deeply impressed by the beauty of the area, and they asked me to take them there”.
With the highest hill standing 55 meters above sea level, from its summit visitors can admire the amazing panoramic views over the northern side of Quang Nam Province, the eastern side of the province’s Dai Loc District, and the southern side of Da Nang.
Thanks to this, the area has now become a popular venue for backpackers and hotographers from Da Nang.
Nhat Lam Thuy Trang Tra ecotourism site - a peaceful and romantic venue
About 10km east of Da Nang, the Nhat Lam Thuy Trang Tra ecotourism site on the Son Tra peninsula boasts a simple, poetic beauty set amongst outstanding nature
The site’s owner, Mr Pham Truong Mai, said that the site was created in 2007 and was originally named ‘Truong Mai’ after him. A few years later, it was renamed ‘Nhat Lam Thuy Trang Tra’, which implies a beautiful natural area featuring mountains, water, green trees and grass.
Over recent years, Mr Mai and his family have taken advantage of the site’s natural conditions to raise wild boars and backyard chickens, farm fish, and plant wild vegetables. This has helped his family to increase their production activities, and become involved in protecting the forest.
Thanks to its beautiful landscapes and airy spaces, ‘Nhat Lam Thuy Trang Tra’ is now attracting a great deal of attention from local residents and visitors.
The path to the ecotourism site is quite romantic thanks to the green trees and grass alongside.
From the peninsula’s Ban Co Peak (Chess Board Peak), visitors need to go straight on until they meet a T-junction and then turn left. They continue going straight ahead for several kilometres until they come to the site.
Interestingly, some of the bends on the road leading to the venue will challenge drivers with their 40% uphill slope.
Visitors to the site have the opportunity to enjoy a wide range of delicious rustic dishes made from the backyard chickens, farm-bred wild boars, and wild vegetables.
Most notably, the coconut wine is highly recommended for people who love a light and sweet spirit which is fermented from coconut water.
New attractions for tourists
To create variety and novelty for visitors to Da Nang, many local young people are trying to develop new and special tourist attractions.
The ‘Chan Troi Goc Be’ (All Corners of the World) eco-restaurant is a typical example.
Located on Le Van Duyet at the foot of the Thuan Phuoc Suspension Bridge, the eco-restaurant is the perfect venue for anyone who wants to enjoy relaxing moments away from the hustle and bustle of the city, or interesting outdoor activities with their relatives and friends.
The 5,000m2 area features many spacious bamboo watch-towers which bring its customers relaxation, peace, and tranquility.
On display are mounds of straw and rice straw-woven items, as well as re-creations of images of rural areas.
In addition, visitors have the opportunity to be immersed in nature by participating in collective games on the spacious grassland or in water sports such as boat racing and floating water bike cycling.
Another example is the company MTV Nguyen-Eco which specialises in offering sea and island tours.
Mr Duong Van Nguyen, the company’s Deputy Director, said that Da Nang welcomes an increasing number of international visitors, but they seem to prefer to experience ecological tourism activities in Hoi An rather than take tours around the city.
Yet the city possesses many time-honoured traditional crafts which have great potential for the development of eco-tourism.
Included are the making of sedge mats in Cam Ne Village and bamboo knitting in Yen Ne.
He remarked, “To meet the increasing demand from foreigners for this type of tourism, my company has launched a ‘Nguyen Eco ecotourism’ tour along the banks of the Cam Le River.
Enjoying the tour, visitors will have the opportunity to experience sedge mat-making or picking vegetables themselves to prepare their own meals”.
Developing tourist attractions in Hoa Vang District
Over recent years, many domestic and foreign visitors arriving in Da Nang have been attracted to the rustic tourism products and tourist sites in Hoa Vang District.
About 20 km west of the city, the 186ha Hoa Trung Lake in the district’s Hoa Lien Commune boasts a peaceful and simple charming beauty with numerous artificial floating islands and smooth green grass.
During the days of shallow water in the summer, the lakeside area is larger and looks like a vast and quiet steppe.
According to a Vietnamese website, this place is as beautiful as the renowned Mongolian-Manchurian steppe.
Thanks to its impressive beauty, the lake has now become very popular with residents from Da Nang who want to take part in outdoor activities or stay overnight here with their friends and family members.
In addition to the peaceful lake, the district is famous for around 100 ancient houses which are all over 100 years old.
Amongst them, the 200-year-old Tich Thien Duong house in Hoa Nhon Ward’s Thai Lai Village has become a must-visit place.
This house keeps intact some of the unique architectural characteristics of an ancient traditional Vietnamese house, including a moss-covered roof, sophisticated carved patterns, and east and west-facing rooms in accordance with the ancient Oriental architecture.
In addition, many old utensils are kept in the house, such as a flour mill, rice mortar, cake mold and coal iron, and these reflect the rural life of the past.
A group from the municipal Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism and other local relevant agencies recently surveyed the new tourism products in Thai Lai Village.
The intention was to find ways to boost the development of the local river tourism with the aim of starting a new boat tour, developing new tourist attractions, and building a trip boat pier there.
The Han River-Tuy Loan Village-Thai Lai Village sightseeing boat tour will provide an opportunity for visitors to enjoy the beauty of the city’s bridges across the river, the La Huong vegetable growing area in Cam Le District, the Tuy Loan Village Communal House, the Tich Thien Duong house, and numerous fruit-laden orchards in Thai Lai Village.
In an attempt to develop tourism products featuring the special characteristics of the land and people of Hoa Vang District, Mr Nguyen Thuc Dung from the district’s Culture and Sports Office stressed the need to make the existing popular tourist sites more attractive to both domestic and foreign visitors.
Top priority should be given to promoting community-based eco-tourism in Thai Lai Village because this type of tourism will prove effective in this rural area.
Peaceful Hoa Trung Lake
About 20 km west of Da Nang, Hoa Trung Lake in Hoa Vang District’s Hoa Lien Commune supplies water for the daily lives and agricultural activities of local residents in the Hoa Son and Hoa Lien communes.
The lake boasts a peaceful and simply charming beauty with numerous artificial floating isles and smooth green grass.
During the days of shallow water, the lakeside area is larger and looks like a vast and quiet steppe.
Visitors to the site will also be impressed by the images of a Vietnamese rural village, such as herds of cows and buffalo eating on the grass, and white storks flying across the sky.
Thanks to its impressive beauty, the lake has now become very popular with residents from Da Nang who want to take part in outdoor activities or stay overnight here with their friends and family members.
In addition, the site is drawing a great attention from the city’s amateur photographers who want to capture the amazing beauty of the lake.
Local photographer Minh Tran said that he often takes photos at the lake, and sees many young couples from Da Nang visiting there to shoot beautiful photos before their weddings.
Ngoc (Ruby) Island - an attractive venue for outdoor activities
Located about 15km off the Da Nang coast, Ngoc (Ruby) Island is an excelllent place for anyone who wants to enjoy relaxing moments away from the hustle and bustle of the city, or fascinating outdoor activities with their relatives and friends.
The island is locally called by several different names such as Hon Chao, Hon Son Tra and Han Island.
It can be reached in 10 minutes by speedboat or 40 minutes by tourist boat from the Han River.
Despite being only 1.5km wide, the island features mountains, waters and large rocks heaped together.
It is home to diverse and rich marine animal and plant populations, including 144 species of corals, 135 species of seaweed, and 162 species of colourful fish.
Visitors to the venue can enjoy the sounds of splashing waves and wind whilst walking barefoot on the white sand.
In addition, they can take the opportunity to participate in interesting water sports, including jet-skiing, kayak racing, parachute surfing, and going fishing with local fishermen.
Mr Ho Minh Dung from Ha Noi’s Hoan Kiem District said that he was deeply impressed by the fascinating activities on the island, such as going seine net fishing, collecting rock and 'vu nang' (her breast) snails, and diving to explore the colourful corals and fish.
Hai Van Pass, a challenge for new and experienced bikers
The 24km scenic and zigzagging road of the Hai Van Pass is always a favourite of motorbike adventurers.
The top of Hai Van Pass, which is the frontier between Thua Thien-Hue Province and Da Nang City, still boasts the historic brick Hai Van Gate, built under the Tran dynasty in 1470, when King Tran Nhan Tong proclaimed that Hai Van was ‘the most marvelous wonder'.
The pass, popular for motorbike drivers since the Hai Van Tunnel became operational in 2005, is quiet and safe for off-road bikers and tourists.
But the bends on the road still challenge drivers with a 15 percent uphill slope.
The mountain top is always covered by clouds, and often has a cool temperature of about 17 degrees Celsius.
Drivers can face difficulties due to fog on rainy days and also late in the evening.
Tourists can reach the top of the pass and return to find a rest stop at the base of the mountain in Da Nang.
The Mekong Hai Van rest stop at the base of the mountain is often a stop for trans-Viet Nam travellers, and for camping as well as a rendezvous point for weekend team-building activities.
It's also the first stop just 2km after the Hai Van Tunnel – the longest tunnel in ASEAN, connecting Thua Thien-Hue province and Da Nang city – for people travelling a long distance by bus or motorbikes.
The main two-storey building, with a 200m–diameter conical structure, has souvenir shops and food corners for visitors.
Pham Van Tuan, the manager of the Mekong Hai Van restaurant, said three restaurants with 2,500 seats offered a large and relaxed space for travellers.
Am Phu Cave – a mysterious trip to hell
Da Nang’s Marble Mountains is renowned for its numerous mysterious caves.
Most notably, the Am Phu (Hell) Cave is the longest and most mysterious at this tourist site.
The 302m-long cave is located inside Thuy Son (Water Mountain), which is one of the 5 mountains symbolising the basic elements of ancient oriental philosophy.
The arches of the natural cave range from 45m to 50m, and there are impressive rock formations featuring the Buddhist perception of hell or purgatory.
The cave has 2 sets of stairs - one up to heaven, and the other down to hell.
Buddhist monk Thich Hue Hung was monitoring the restoration of the cave between 2003 and 2006.
In his explanation of the Buddhist philosophy of causality, he said that those who did good deeds in life would be guaranteed a trip to the cave’s 'Thien Thai Gioi' (Paradise) immediately upon their death, whilst anyone committing wrong or evil actions would descend to the 10 circles of hell, and especially to the ‘Nguc A Ty’ (A Ty Jail), which is the cave’s deepest point.
Walking through the impressive stalactites and stalagmites, visitors cannot fail to be impressed by the cave’s Purgatory section, through which sinners’ souls must first pass to be punished.
There is also a court where hell’s judges evaluate a sinner's acts and decide on the level of punishment.
In the middle of the cave is a statue of the Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva who is often referred to as the Bodhisattva of the Hell beings.
Here, a spiritual scale is used to weigh one’s good and bad deeds.
Most notably, the cave has many man-made sculptures showing threatening scenes of punishment.
The Am Phu Cave features a harmonious combination of folklore and Buddhism's valuable philosophy of humanity.
The scenes of horror mentioned-above intend to educate human beings about doing good deeds in life and to ‘turn over a new leaf’ to stop a bad habit or make a positive change to their characters.
Hoa My Sakyamuni Buddha Statue
The Hoa My Sakyamuni Buddha Statue is situated near the Quang Minh Pagoda in Lien Chieu District’s Hoa Minh Ward, about 7km west of the inner city.
The 20m-high statue sits on a 10m-high lotus-shaped pedestal.
Built in 1965, the statue has 5 floors inside.
The 1st floor, with a diameter of 9.6m, has been used as a Buddhist library for the past 5 years.
On the left-hand side of the 1st floor’s front door, 29 internal steps lead up to the 2nd floor which is an exhibition area for Buddha statues, calligraphic paintings, and pictures of Bodhidharma.
From the 2nd floor, there is a 26-step staircase leading to the 3rd floor which showcases calligraphy and watercolour paintings.
From here, a further 23 steps lead up to the 4th floor and the display of a Buddha Shakyamuni Statue, and another 23 lead visitors to the top floor.
Between the 4th and 5th floors there is a 60cm-diameter circular window from which visitors can enjoy an amazing panoramic view of this part of the city.
Tran Thi Ly Bridge - a striking landmark
Da Nang’s Tran Thi Ly Bridge is the fifth bridge up the Han River, about 1 km south of the Rong (Dragon) Bridge.
The construction of the 1,709 billion VND bridge began in April 2009, and it was officially opened to traffic on 29 March 2013.
With its suspension cables, the bridge forms an upside-down capital “Y” and is intended to look like sails facing towards the East Sea.
The bridge has emerged as a must-see feature of Da Nang and an ideal place for visitors who like taking souvenir photos during their stay in the city.
It is believed that the bridge, with the image of sails filled with wind, not only shows charming and gentle characteristics, but also symbolises the city’s aspirations for further development in the future.
It has one of the most unique architectural styles of all the bridges in Viet Nam.
A striking feature of its design is the 145m-high, backwards-leaning single tower which creates the eye-catching form of the bridge.
The bridge was named after Vietnamese revolutionary activist Tran Thi Ly from Quang Nam Province’s Dien Ban District, whose real name was Tran Thi Nham.
She was a member of the Viet Nam People’s Army and the South Viet Nam Liberation Army.
During the past two resistance wars, even though Miss Ly was brutally and inhumanely tortured in the prisons of the invaders, she showed her indomitable spirit and admirable bravery, and she never revealed any of Viet Nam’s revolutionary strategies and plans to the enemy.
Before the building of the Tran Thi Ly Bridge could begin, an older bridge had to be removed from the same site.
Built by the French over 60 years ago, the De Lattre Bridge was the first bridge to span across the Han River.
In the 1950s, experts from the USA arrived in Da Nang to conduct surveys on the Son Tra Peninsula and the Marble Mountains.
At that time, the French colonisers embarked on turning Da Nang into a military base through the construction of new infrastructure and upgrading the existing.
Amongst the new constructions was the De Lattre Bridge to link the inner-city with the port of Da Nang.
The bridge had the important role of facilitating the transport of aid coming in from the USA to the French in the city.
By 1955, all the local streets whose names were in French had been renamed in Vietnamese, except for Pasteur and Yersin streets which were named after two great benefactors of humanity.
During this period, the De Lattre Bridge was renamed the Trinh Minh The Bridge after a military official under the Republic of Viet Nam during the 1954 - 1975 period.
Con Market - largest wholesale and retail venue in central region
The Con Market at 318 Ong Ich Khiem Street in Da Nang’s Hai Chau District is now the largest wholesale and retail venue in the central region, with over 2,000 traders operating there.
Its reputation entitles the market to first position in the category of local markets on the website of the Da Nang Markets and Fairs Exhibition Management Company at hctl-danang.com.vn.
The market was first established in the 1940s on a hillock at the centre of the city.
At that time, it was a perfect trading venue for the many traders from the city and the rural districts of Dai Loc, Que Son and Thang Binh in Quang Nam Province.
The traders sold their locally-grown agricultural products, mainly fresh vegetables and poultry.
A rebuild of the market started in December 1984.
It took over 3 months to complete the construction, and it was officially inaugurated on 29 March 1985 to mark the 10th anniversary of the city’s liberation.
The new market incorporated a 3,480 m2 3-storey building, two 1,562 m2 2-storey buildings, and a block of single-storey houses with a total area of 8,828 m2, along with a number of other auxiliary facilities.
There were 1,473 traders in the market, and many local cooperatives, private businesses and limited companies became involved in trading activities there.
Various types of goods were sold at the venue to satisfy the increasing shopping demands of the local residents, and tens of thousands of customers were welcomed every day.
The market was at one time renamed Da Nang Commercial Centre.
The current Con Market is now not only a shopping venue in the inner city, but a must-see destination for tourists visiting the beautiful seaside city.
The market sells whatever you want to buy.
Da Den - a hidden gem for outdoor activities
Da Den (Black Rock) is a beautiful spot on the northern side of Da Nang’s Son Tra Peninsula, and it can be reached by tourist boat from the Han River.
It is an ideal place for outdoor activities with relatives and friends.
As its name suggests, Da Den features many large black rocks heaped together, which creates beautiful viewing angles.
In the nearby waters there is a wide variety of marine creatures such as red snapper, goby, grouper, littorina littorea, scallop, and “vu nang” (her breast) snail which was thought to be only found on the Cu Lao Cham Island off Hoi An.
Visitors to Da Den can take the opportunity to go fishing with local fishermen or dive to explore the coral reefs.
Apart from a fine beach for sunbathing and swimming, it is also a perfect place for building a campfire or for organising interesting teambuilding activities.
In order to provide easier access for visitors, a pier for the tourist boats is planned to be built here soon.
In addition, local travel agents are planning to launch more tours to attract more visitors, both domestic and foreign.
Wax Museum gaining in popularity
Located at Da Nang’s Ba Na Hills Resort, the first-ever Wax Museum in Viet Nam has become very popular with local residents, and domestic and foreign visitors.
The museum, created in an ancient French architectural style, has 10 different display areas which feature about 50 wax replicas of world-renowned politicians, athletes and movie stars.
They include the US President Barack Obama, the Russian President Vladimir Putin, the former South African President Nelson Mandela, the late martial artist Bruce Lee, the Chinese martial artist Jet Li, soccer stars David Beckham and Lionel Messi, movie stars Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, and the late singer Michael Jackson.
The real-size replicas are made of a mixture of beeswax and plastic.
Visitors to the museum will have an opportunity to take photos of the wax figures of their idols, and learn about how waxworks are made, at a factory in the museum.
In addition, there is an area for visitors to make their own waxworks.
After 10 months of operation, the museum now welcomes an estimated 1,000 people per day.
The admission fee is 50,000 VND per person.
But Beach – wonderfully relaxing
But (Buddha) Beach is a beautiful spot on the Son Tra Peninsula, and a must-see place for lovers of ecology.
According to legend, in the time of Emperor Minh Mang, local fishermen discovered a statue of the Goddess of Mercy on the beach, and a temple dedicated to the goddess was built on the site.
Since then, local residents have enjoyed peaceful and prosperous lives, and the area is known as But (Buddha) Beach.
Just about 20 minutes from the city centre, But Beach has become a popular destination for both domestic and foreign visitors over recent years because its natural environment is a perfect example of the harmony between mountains and sea.
Besides being a fine beach for sunbathing and swimming, it is a perfect place for diving to discover the amazing and colourful underwater world of corals and other marine creatures.
In addition, the beach is home to numerous rare plants and animals which are listed in the national Red Book.
Visitors to the beach will also have the opportunity to enjoy a wide range of delicious food and drinks, focusing on local specialities which are served at reasonable prices.
Additionally, there are several water sports and fun beach activities here, such as sailing, surfing and jet-skiing.
In an effort to make But Beach an ideal holiday destination in Da Nang, the construction of the But Beach Bay Complex Resort, one of the city’s large-scale tourism projects, began on 30 April 2004.
The 19 million USD project will cover 199,786m2 of land and 100,500m2 of water, and will become one of the leading luxury resorts in the central region.
The property will feature luxury villas, conference and service centres, a 5-star hotel, and other facilities.
Its design is a perfect combination of modern-style architecture and the cultural characteristics of the coastal central region.
The 1st stage of the project will comprise about 140 luxury garden villas and over 100 bungalows.
The classic-style villas and bungalows are nestled in the hillsides, surrounded by trees of varying shades of green.
Although the project is under construction, many foreigners are showing a keen interest in buying these wonderful villas.
A 5-star 17-storey hotel will be built on an area of 34,432m2 in the project’s 2nd phase.
It will offer wonderful stays with a nice panoramic overview of Da Nang and beautiful sunny beaches for its guests.
In addition, the hotel will provide unforgettable experiences and opportunities to enjoy great sunrise and sunset moments.
Most notably, the Family Hotel, the first of its kind in the But Beach Complex, will be situated at the centre of the project.
This hotel will be a good choice for guests wanting value for money with unlimited numbers of people allowed to stay in one room and use all the hotel’s services.
For the 3rd stage of the project, a square will be built on the But Beach and it will become an attractive shopping area and an excellent avenue to host traditional cultural festivals, and international fairs and exhibitions.
In addition, there will be an exhibition area to display the city’s artworks, and to introduce its history and development to visitors.
The most impressive feature of the resort will be a special area for water, sound and light shows.
Guests will be treated to exciting and thrilling performances.
It is expected that the But Beach Bay Complex Resort in particular, and the But Beach Tourist Area in general, will emerge as Da Nang’s most attractive and romantic destination for travellers from home and abroad.
The beach will be the best place to get close to the natural world, and a truly peaceful place to relax.
Tho Quang fishing village
Just about 8km northeast of Da Nang’s centre, the Tho Quang fishing village in Son Tra District is proud of the solidarity among its local residents.
In addition, villagers are honest and live in harmony with nature.
They all feel very happy when they bring home bumper catches.
All of the village’s men go offshore fishing and their wives help their husbands to take their seafood catches to markets for sale.
The villagers depend directly on fishing activities for their livelihood.
Like other craft villages in Viet Nam, the skilled local villagers make their own fishing tackle to help them to catch more fish.
In spite of all the difficulties and challenges in their lives, the villagers show solidarity and support for each other.
The local fishermen help each other while fishing at sea in situations of bad weather or other dangers.
Although they have a habit of talking loudly, they are hard-working, gentle, honest, friendly, kind and helpful people.
Fishing is a dangerous job and fishermen often work under extreme conditions at sea.
Therefore, various events are held every year in the village to show the local fishermen’s strong desire for safe offshore fishing trips, with bumper catches.
These include the whale worship cult, and the annual “Cau Ngu” festival.
The events feature a number of solemn traditional rituals to pray for happiness and prosperity throughout the year, as well as for a safe and profitable fishing season.
Apart from being involved in fishing activities, the Tho Quang fishing village is also well-known for its fish sauce-making.
It is very famous for many types of mam (salted fish) such as mam nem (a type of fish sauce, made from small fish or small shrimps) and mam ruoc (fermented shrimp paste).
In particular, the village’s mam ruoc is very popular with the city’s people.
The mam products are an indispensable dipping sauce with the daily meals of residents in the central region.
Cam Le kho me cake village
Cam Le village is situated in Cam Le District’s Khue Trung Ward, and is well-known for its kho me (sesame) cake making.
Visitors to this village will fall in love with the scenic beauty and peaceful atmosphere of the landscape here.
Kho me cake is a speciality of Quang Nam Province and Da Nang, and Cam Le village has the best reputation in Viet Nam.
The village is home to 6 cake production establishments which create job opportunities for over 50 local people.
Amongst local cake producers, the brand name ‘Mrs Lieu’ is very famous in both domestic and foreign markets.
This brand name is owned by Huynh Thi Dieu whose production facility is located on the northern side of the Cam Le Bridge.
Kho me cakes are made from glutinous flour, rice flour, granulated sugar, ginger, and sesame seeds.
The rice flour is mixed with the glutinous flour, then poured into a mould to be steamed and then dried.
Next, the cakes are coated in sugar or sesame.
The ones that are coated in sugar are called “kho no”, whilst those coated in sesame are called “kho me”.
The delicious cakes are soft with well-dried sesame, and when they are broken the sugar must be like thin yellow silk cords.
Local families usually put these cakes on their altars on the death anniversaries of their relatives or at Tet.
Cam Le banh kho me has made it into the list of the top 10 most well-known Vietnamese gift specialities.
Visitors to this village can buy these cakes and give them as gifts to their relatives and friends.
This is one of the local specialties which many visitors are interested in.
Today, kho me cakes are sold across the whole country, as well as abroad.
Tuy Loan rice paper village
About 15km southwest of Da Nang, the Tuy Loan ancient village is located in Hoa Vang District’s Hoa Phong Commune.
It boasts beautiful scenery and the unique characteristics of a typical Vietnamese rural village.
Despite its many ups and downs over the past 5 centuries, local residents are proud of the village's many old houses, its history, its beautiful setting and its many interesting features which include an old banyan tree, a boat station, and a communal house.
Villagers also take pride in their My Quang (Quang rice noodles) speciality and their rice paper making.
Soft rice paper is one of the most popular foods at Tet.
Although there are many different types of rice paper, Tuy Loan’s is the most famous because of its unique method of production and its amazing flavours of garlic and ginger.
It has become very popular with local residents and both domestic and overseas visitors.
In order to make the tasty rice paper, deliciously scented rice from the winter-spring crop is used.
Tuy Loan’s rice paper tastes very different from similar products produced elsewhere thanks to its special recipe which includes various spice mixes such as dipping sauce, salt, sugar, garlic and sesame.
Also unlike elsewhere in the country, Tuy Loan’s villagers dry their products on charcoal fires instead of drying them in the sun, which prevents any mould formation.
If you visit this village, you will have an unforgettable experience enjoying delicious My Quang accompanied by Tuy Loan’s rice paper.
Nam O fish sauce village
Nestled on Hoa Hiep Ward, Lien Chieu District, the Nam O village is well-known for its fish sauce-making.
Its product wins the trust of customers both at home and abroad.
Established in the early 20th century, Nam O is a small fishing village which is regarded as one of the best producers of this delicious dipping sauce.
The Nam O village used to support itself by producing firecrackers until the government imposed a ban on them in 1995.
The Nam O brand of fish sauce tastes very different from similar products from elsewhere in the country thanks to its special recipe.
An Association of the Nam O Fish Sauce Village has been established and is recognised by the National Office of Intellectual Property of Viet Nam.
In addition, the Association has been granted a collective label for its fish sauce product.
Nam O fish sauce is made from long-jawed anchovies with a high protein content which are caught in the 3rd lunar month.
Its delicious taste is partly attributed to the fish mixed with salt which is sourced from Ca Na Beach in Ninh Thuan Province.
The grains of this salt are white, well-dried, and larger than the salt from other localities.
It is dried on a cement floor for between five and seven days, and it is then stored in pottery vats for a few of years before being used to salt the fish.
The process of salting the fish starts from the 3rd lunar month and the sauce-making will be finished in the days leading up to the next Tet Festival.
Nam O fish sauce is dark red and has a very nice aroma.
The fish must be freshly caught and of medium size.
They are cleaned in sea water before being preserved, not fresh water because this takes away their taste and smell and the fish can go off easily during the long preservation period.
The vats must be made from special woods, including jackfruit wood.
You have lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, visit the Louvre Museum - where displays masterpieces of world famous painters.
In the evening, you are free at leisure.
Day 4 : PARIS- VENICE- FLORENCE (Three meals)
Have breakfast and check out.
Then, go to the airport for a flight to Venice - a floating city.
Then, visit the Square and the Church of St.Marco, Murano Glass Factory, take photos at the Doge's Palace, go canoe - a characteristic mean of transportation in Venice Island (costs shall be paid by tourists, about 100Eu for 1 boat/4 people).
In the afternoon, you move to the city of Florence, get a hotel room to rest.
Day 5 : FLORENCE- PISA- ROME (Three meals)
After lunch, you take a city tour of Florence: take photos outside Duomo Church, Michelangelo Square, Ponte Veccio love bridge.
Continue to Pisa with: Leaning Tower of Pisa - one of the wonders of the world (if you wish to visit the inside of the tower, entrance fee is excluded in the tour) free to shop for souvenirs.
In the afternoon, depart to the city of Rome - the capital of the Kingdom of Italy.
Have dinner and check in.
Day 6 : ROME (Three meals)
Eat breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit: Vatican Museum - one of the largest museums in the world.
The great architectural building is an valuable treasure of Rome and Vatican; Sistine Chapel - that is also the meeting place of the Cardinals for election of a new Pope, and is the venue for the summit meetings between the Pope and the heads of state.
But above all, this is a place to keep the two paintings, "Morning Century" and "The Last Judgment" by Michelangelo painted on the ceiling and on the wall; St.Peter's Basilica - the most sacred place in the Vatican, attracting many believers and visitors from around the world.
Located on the burial place of St.Peter, this world greatest and most magnificent basilica has a dome of 136 meters high designed by Michelangelo, containing hundreds of priceless works of art; visit outside the Castel Sant'Angelo.
After dinner, go to the hotel for rest.
Day 7 : ROME – HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast, Lunch)
Have breakfast and check out.
Then, you take a city tour of Rome: take photos outside the Colosseum, the Roman Citadel ruins, Vitto Emmanuel II Monument.
Buy souvenirs and then go to the airport for a flight to Vietnam.
(Transit flight is specified by airlines)
Day 8 : HO CHI MINH CITY
At the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the Vietravel's bus shall take you to the Vietravel's Office - 190 Pasteur, District 3.
End the tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 8 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
France - Germany - Switzerland – Italy
Tour code: NNSGN8142-003-090517VN-U
Duration: 12 days
Departure: 09/05/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
76,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – PARIS
Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick you up at 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, and depart to Tan Son Nhat airport to catch a flight to Paris - the capital of France.
(Transit flight is specified by airlines)
Day 2 : PARIS (Dinner)
To Paris - the capital of France,t coach and local tour guide shall welcome and take you visit the city
Have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : PARIS (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You visit the Paris on a full day. The Louvre Museum, the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Élysées Boulevard.
You have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 4 : PARIS - STRASBOURG - TITISEE- ZURICH (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, depart to the city of Strasbourg - the city of Christmas festivities located at the border of France - Germany by ship.
To Strasbourg, you take a coach to Titisee - located in southwest of Germany in the heart of Black Forest, a famous place for Cuckoo clock stores.
In the afternoon, before the visit to the city of Zurich, you go to Schaffhausen - a city located in Switzerland, bordering with Germany to admire the majestic beauty of the Rhine Falls waterfall - the largest waterfall in Europe, then continue to the city of Zurich, take photos outside the Frauenkirche Church and the Old Town.
Then, have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 5 : ZURICH – TITLIS- LUCERN (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit the Titlis Mountain by cable to admire the majestic beauty covered by the snow of the Alps.
In the afternoon, back to Lucerne for a city tour: The Lion Monument - a memorial sculpture of more than 800 Swiss soldiers who sacrificed themselves to protect King Louis XVI of France during the Revolution in 1789.
Visit the Chapel Bridge, from here you can see the Jesuit Church.
You are free for shopping and free at leisure.
Day 6 : LUCERN – MILAN- VENICE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, make the procedures of check out.
On the way to Venice, take a stop in Milan City - the fashion capital of the world.
Visit and take photos outside the Sforza Castle, Duomo Church, La Scala Opera House, Galleria Vittorio Emanuele.
Then, continue to go to Venice and check in the hotel there.
Day 7 : VENICE - PISA (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, begin the journey by visiting the Venice Island to admire the city floating on the sea: Square and the Church of St.Marco, Murano Glass Factory, take photos at the Doge's Palace, go canoe - a characteristic mean of transportation in Venice Island (costs shall be be paid by tourists, about 100Eu for 1 boat/4 people ).
In the afternoon, move to the city of Pisa, check in and get rest.
Day 8 : PISA - ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast and check out.
On the way, stop to visit the Leaning Tower of Pisa - a UNESCO world heritage site.
In the afternoon, go to the Rome and check in there.
Day 9 : ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit the Vatican Museum - one of the largest museums in the world.
This great architectural work is a valuable asset of Rome and the Vatican.
It exhibits many precious works of art from the large collections created by Roman Catholic church over the centuries.
In the museum, the most famous structure is the Sistine Chapel - that is also the meeting place of the Cardinals for election of a new Pope, and is the venue for the summit meetings between the Pope and the heads of state.
But above all, this is a place to keep the two paintings, "Morning Century" and "The Last Judgment" by Michelangelo painted on the ceiling and on the wall.
You visit St.Peter's Basilica - the most sacred place in the Vatican, attracting many believers and visitors from around the world.
Located on the burial place of St.Peter, the world greatest and most magnificent cathedral has a dome of 136 meters high designed by Michelangelo, containing hundreds of priceless works of art.
Have dinner and check in.
Day 10 : ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast.
Then, visit and take photos outside the Colosseum, Roman Forum, Trevi Fountain.ét/Free for shopping in the city.
Have dinner and return to hotel to rest.
Day 11 : ROME - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
After breakfast, go to the airport to catch a flight to Vietnam (Transit flight is specified by airlines).
Day 12 : HO CHI MINH CITY
At the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the coach shall take you to the Vietravel's Office (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC), the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 5 và Tour du lịch 12 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
France - Germany - Switzerland – Italy
Tour code: NNSGN8142-003-090517VN-U
Duration: 12 days
Departure: 09/05/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
76,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – PARIS
Vietravel's coach and tour guide pick you up at 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, and depart to Tan Son Nhat airport to catch a flight to Paris - the capital of France.
(Transit flight is specified by airlines)
Day 2 : PARIS (Dinner)
To Paris - the capital of France,t coach and local tour guide shall welcome and take you visit the city
Have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 3 : PARIS (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You visit the Paris on a full day. The Louvre Museum, the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Élysées Boulevard.
You have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 4 : PARIS - STRASBOURG - TITISEE- ZURICH (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, depart to the city of Strasbourg - the city of Christmas festivities located at the border of France - Germany by ship.
To Strasbourg, you take a coach to Titisee - located in southwest of Germany in the heart of Black Forest, a famous place for Cuckoo clock stores.
In the afternoon, before the visit to the city of Zurich, you go to Schaffhausen - a city located in Switzerland, bordering with Germany to admire the majestic beauty of the Rhine Falls waterfall - the largest waterfall in Europe, then continue to the city of Zurich, take photos outside the Frauenkirche Church and the Old Town.
Then, have dinner, get rest at the hotel.
Day 5 : ZURICH – TITLIS- LUCERN (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit the Titlis Mountain by cable to admire the majestic beauty covered by the snow of the Alps.
In the afternoon, back to Lucerne for a city tour: The Lion Monument - a memorial sculpture of more than 800 Swiss soldiers who sacrificed themselves to protect King Louis XVI of France during the Revolution in 1789.
Visit the Chapel Bridge, from here you can see the Jesuit Church.
You are free for shopping and free at leisure.
Day 6 : LUCERN – MILAN- VENICE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast, make the procedures of check out.
On the way to Venice, take a stop in Milan City - the fashion capital of the world.
Visit and take photos outside the Sforza Castle, Duomo Church, La Scala Opera House, Galleria Vittorio Emanuele.
Then, continue to go to Venice and check in the hotel there.
Day 7 : VENICE - PISA (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, begin the journey by visiting the Venice Island to admire the city floating on the sea: Square and the Church of St.Marco, Murano Glass Factory, take photos at the Doge's Palace, go canoe - a characteristic mean of transportation in Venice Island (costs shall be be paid by tourists, about 100Eu for 1 boat/4 people ).
In the afternoon, move to the city of Pisa, check in and get rest.
Day 8 : PISA - ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast and check out.
Then, go to the ancient city of Rome. On the way, stop to visit the Leaning Tower of Pisa - a UNESCO world heritage site.
In the afternoon, go to the Rome and check in there.
Day 9 : ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
In the morning, visit the Vatican Museum - one of the largest museums in the world.
This great architectural work is a valuable asset of Rome and the Vatican.
It exhibits many precious works of art from the large collections created by Roman Catholic church over the centuries.
In the museum, the most famous structure is the Sistine Chapel - that is also the meeting place of the Cardinals for election of a new Pope, and is the venue for the summit meetings between the Pope and the heads of state.
But above all, this is a place to keep the two paintings, "Morning Century" and "The Last Judgment" by Michelangelo painted on the ceiling and on the wall.
You visit St.Peter's Basilica - the most sacred place in the Vatican, attracting many believers and visitors from around the world.
Located on the burial place of St.Peter, the world greatest and most magnificent cathedral has a dome of 136 meters high designed by Michelangelo, containing hundreds of priceless works of art.
Have dinner and check in.
Day 10 : ROME (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Have breakfast.
Then, visit and take photos outside the Colosseum, Roman Forum, Trevi Fountain.ét/Free for shopping in the city.
Have dinner and return to hotel to rest.
Day 11 : ROME - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast)
After breakfast, go to the airport to catch a flight to Vietnam (Transit flight is specified by airlines).
Day 12 : HO CHI MINH CITY
At the Tan Son Nhat Airport, the coach shall take you to the Vietravel's Office (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC), the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 5 và Tour du lịch 12 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination France
At France You can visit the following destinations Avignon, Gordes, Marseilles, Monte carlo, Nice, Nimes, Paris, France, reims, Strabourg, Valensole, Versailles.
To know more about France Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Pháp
List tours of Highlands Vietnam
Currently, there is no tour opening to Highlands Vietnam.
Please, choose a new destination or come back later.
Destination Highlands Vietnam
At Highlands Vietnam You can visit the following destinations
To know more about Highlands Vietnam Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Tây Nguyên
List tours of Thai Nguyen
Currently, there is no tour opening to Thai Nguyen.
Please, choose a new destination or come back later.
Destination Thai Nguyen
At Thai Nguyen You can visit the following destinations.
To know more about Thai Nguyen Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Thái Nguyên
Tour program
Hue - La Vang - Phong Nha cave &amp; Thien Duong cave - Ba Na - Hoi An - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN301-020-040317VJ-P
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 3
6,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 400,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 0
6,990,000 VND 6,590,000 VND Full
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - HUE Meals included: 2 meals (lunch, dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
Vietravel's tour guide shall support you in procedures to catch a flight to Hue.
At the Phu Bai Airport - Hue, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick you up to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Have dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 2 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have lunch.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
Day 3 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG - LANG CO - DA NANG Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch in Hue.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co - one of the most beautiful bays in the world before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Have dinner.
In the evening, freely visit the Asian Park (expenses excluded): a leading amusement park in Southeast Asia of world-class standard, you are free to experience "the Sun Wheel" - an impressive height of 115m, currently under the top 10 world's highest wheels, admire sightseeing of Da Nang from many different heights, a architectural structure in combination with contemporary features and cross-culture between Vietnam and other Asian countries, designed by the skilful architect Bill Bensley - one of five leading designers in the world in the tourism industry.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 4 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 5 : DA NANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March annually, the tour does not the program of sea swimming because of cold weather).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out.
Have lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Next, take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - La Vang - Phong Nha cave - Hue - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN332-007-040317VN-U
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
5,590,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 400,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 1
5,590,000 VND 5,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them, take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Have lunch.
Check in and rest at the hotel.
In the afternoon, you shall take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet.
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Enjoy dinner.
Back to Da Nang.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 2 : DA NANG – BA NA – HUE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world.
Eat lunch.
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world. On arrival in Hue, check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free at leisure or explore Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
Day 3 : HUE - LA VANG - PHONG NHA CAVE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land - An important shrine of Vietnamese Catholics in Quang Tri, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
(In case you do not visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery, please wait for 15 minutes).
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Cung Dinh Cave, etc.
Then, depart to Hue at little late, about 08:00 pm.
Enjoy dinner in Quang Tri.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(Note: In case, you do not visit the Phong Nha Cave, but freely visit and explore Hue on a whole day and self support lunch and dinner, please inform at the time of registration: refund of VND 350,000)
Day 4 : HUE - DA NANG -HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Then, take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings. After that, free at leisure until check out.
Have lunch.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Then, take a coach to go through the Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang.
Next, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - Lang Co - Hue - Da Nang
Tour code: NDSGN463-010-050317VJ-E
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 05/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
3,790,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – DA NANG – HOI AN (Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel Counter, Column 4 at the Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
At Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, admire the Tien Sa Port, visit the Linh Ung Bai But Pagoda - the largest pagoda in Da Nang - with a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra Island in a perfect way. Have lunch. Check in and free at leisure. In the afternoon, the coach takes you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments… then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing, etc.
Have dinner.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 2 : DA NANG – LANG CO – HUE (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world.
On arrival in Hue
You then return to DaNang to rest.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you can be free at leisure at the hotel, or admire the beauty of Da Nang at night, watch the bridges - symbols for nonstop development of Da Nang City such as: Dragon Bridge, Han River Bridge, Tran Thi Ly Bridge, Commercial Center, Food Street, Cafe - Bar - Disco – Disco, etc.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 3 : DA NANG – HO CHI MINH (Breakfast - Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You are free to explore Da Nang, relax at the hotel or the coach take you to visit Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the “Da Lat in the Central”, then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded) visit: Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Gardenetc.
Next, visit a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Naand visit Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands, visit theBell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: with strange adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition area of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world, etc.
Have lunch at Ba Na at your own expense.
Freely to sightsee until the departure time.
The coach takes you to the Da Nang Airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Ha Noi - Ninh Binh - Ha Long - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An
Tour code: NDSGN161-007-110317-U
Duration: 9 days
Departure: 11/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
16,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 800,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
16,990,000 VND 16,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
The North Central route, tourists will have the opportunity to discover a land of Central heritage with many beautiful landscapes in Hoi An, Da Nang, Hue, Quang Binh and the North areas which are equally charming with spectacular landscapes in Ninh Binh, Ha Long.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (Lunch, dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04 or 10 (depending on the airline). Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Return to Ha Noi and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 2 : HA NOI - HA LONG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast, check out and depart to Ha Long.
Upon arrival at the Ha Long Bay, check in and get rest.
In the afternoon, you will go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Ha Long Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the evening, you will visit the Sun World Ha Long Park (expense excluded).
Overnight in Ha Long.
Day 3 : HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Take a coach to visit Bai Chay Bridge, then take photos at the Quang Ninh Museum.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
Upon arrival in Ha Noi, check in and get rest.
Day 4 : HA NOI - HUE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Have breakfast.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
In the afternoon, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Hue.
Overnight in Hue.
Day 5 : HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel. visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in a 4 star hotel in Hue.
Day 6 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have breakfast.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length which was discovered and put into operation in tourism in 2010.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh
Day 7 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co before going through Hai Van to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you shall take a car to experience the "Sun Wheel" at the Asian Park (expenses excluded) - belonging an architectural structure in combination between contemporary and ancient features, acculturation between Vietnam and other Asian countries designed by the skillful architect Bill Bensley.
Here, you can admire the Da Nang's sightseeing with a new perspective that has never been explored.
In particular, with the impressive height of 115m, the Sun Wheel is currently in top 10 highest wheels in the world.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 8 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 9 : DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA - HCM CITY (Breakfast, Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March every year, instead of My Khe Beach because of cold sea, you shall arrive at Danang Galina Mud Bath &amp; Spa, including the cost of the pool bath, using the aquatic therapy system, costs of mud baths excluded).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out and eat lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 9 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
South of Vietnam: Phu Quoc Island - Hotel 4 Star - Sao Beach - Truc Lam Pagoda - Fishing Challenge
Tour code: NDSGN801-042-040317VJ-U-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 3
4,390,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - PHU QUOC (Lunch, Dinner)
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat airport, column no.04, domestic flight terminal.
A tour guide will instruct you to make procedure for taking a flight to Phu Quoc.
The coach shall pick up you at the airport, take you to visit Su Muon Pagoda - For praying peace and happiness for your family.
Then depart to go through a tropical forest to explore Suoi Tranh - Originated from green Ham Ninh mountain range, from ravines, many small streams creeping through the woods, rocks to mix into the mainstream creating a peaceful Suoi Tranh stream.
Continue to visit Ham Ninh Fishing Village, Pepper Farm, Fish sauce Farm.
Next to visit Dinh Cau - a cultural and belief symbol of Phu Quoc Island, where local people entrust their belief for offshore fishing trips with ships full of fish when returning.
After that, check in hotel, free at leisure or bathe in the sea.
In the evening, you are free to stroll coastal streets or serve seafood in night Phu Quoc Market (expense excluded).
Overnight in Phu Quoc.
Day 2 : BAI SAO - HO QUOC PAGODA - VINPEARL LAND (Breakfast, Lunch)
The coach shall take you to visit Nam Dao, visit Ho Quoc Pagoda a beautiful and the largest pagoda in the pearl island with many works such as: Central Chamber, steeple, drum tower, Worship Hall of Late Patriarchs made from ironwood materials imported from South Africa and original stone of 700 - 1,000 years old, etc. With a wild, tranquil landscape creating a special natural space filled with solemnity and tranquility.
Continue to go to Bai Sao - A peaceful beach, a long quite and wild sand bank in a green island.
In here, you will really feel the peacefulness, relax and the life seems slow down when mixing with nature.
Enjoy lunch, then back to the hotel and free at leisure.
Day 3 : PHU QUOC – HCMC (Breakfast)
After breakfast, free at leisure until departure time to airport for flight back to HCMC.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
South of Vietnam: Phu Quoc vinpearl Resort 5 star
Tour code: NDSGN806-020-080317VJ-P-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 08/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 6
8,490,000 VND
6,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - PHU QUOC (Dinner)
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat airport, Vietravel desk, column no.4, domestic flight terminal.
A tour guide will instruct you to make process for a flight to Phu Quoc.
(In case the flight departs before 11 am, Vietravel will take tourists to lunch in Phu Quoc).
The coach shall take you to visit Su Muon Pagoda (Hung Long Pagoda) - where you can pray for peace and happiness for your family, Dinh Cau - The cultural and religious symbol of Phu Quoc Island, where local people entrust their belief for offshore fishing trips with ships full of fish when returning.
In the afternoon, visit Pepper Farm, Fish sauce Farm and discover Phu Quoc Pearl Farm - Admire and buy genuine jewelries made of pearls raised in Phu Quoc.
The coach shall take you to check in Phu Quoc 5 * Vinpearl Resort (Premium Villa Resort of 02, 03 or 04 bed rooms), then free at leisure and bathe in the sea.
Overnight in Phu Quoc.
Day 2 : 5 * RESORT PARADISE- VINPEARL LAND – VINPEARL SAFARI PHU QUOC (Breakfast, lunch, dinner)
Free to swim at Bai Dai - One of the 17 wild, beautiful beaches in the world or relax in the modernest swimming pool in Phu Quoc resort.
Then be free to discover Vinpearl Land Amusement Park, a large area full of games for all of ages and hobbies.
This place converges all indoor and outdoor games, such as: UFO, bee ferris, rotating cup, super-speed rotating disk, windmills, etc.
Besides, there is a Water Park with attractive games such as: huge boomerang, supper hollow glissette, lazy river, castle, wave generation basin, etc.
Continue to discover Aquarium with hundreds of fish and marine creatures such as Penguins, big fresh water fishes from Amazon River basin (South America) such as: Arapaima gigas, Lepisosteus oculatus with long and firce mouth or rare species such as Nemo, Napoleon, White Shart, King Crab, etc.
Moreover, there is a 5D film cinema, water music Stage.
For tourists having passion in Golf, Vinpearl is an ideal place to satisfy you, with 27 hole golf ground originally designed under the world's famous sea - island golf grounds.
In addition, you can visit The first wildlife sanctuary of Vietnam – Phu Quoc Vinpearl Safari (Expenses excluded) with scale of 180 hectares, more than 130 valuable and rare species of animals and programs of Animal performance, Take photo with animal, discover and experience the open Zoo in natural forest, close and friendly to human.
In the evening, you are free in Phu Quoc Vinpearl Resort.
Day 3 : PHU QUOC - HCMC (Breakfast)
You are free to bathe in the sea at the resort till check out time.
Then, the coach shall take you to the airport to take a flight back to HCMC.
Say good bye to Tourists and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
South of Vietnam: Phu Quoc - Resort 3 Star - Sao Beach - Truc Lam Ho Quoc Pagoda - Vinpearl Land – Safari
Tour code: NDSGN808-005-280417VJ-P
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 28/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 6
9,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC- PHU QUOC (Lunch, dinner)
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat airport, Vietravel desk, column no.4, domestic flight terminal.
A tour guide will instruct you to make procedure for taking a flight to Phu Quoc.
(In case the flight departs before 11 am, Vietravel will take tourists to lunch in Phu Quoc).
Tour guide shall take you to visit Su Muon Pagoda - where you can pray for peace and happiness for your family, visit Dinh Cau - The cultural and religious symbol of Phu Quoc Island, where local people entrust their belief for offshore fishing trips with the ships full of fish when returning.
In the afternoon, visit Pepper Farm, Fish sauce Farm and discover Phu Quoc Pearl Farm - Admire and buy genuine jewelries made of pearls raised in Phu Quoc.
Then tour guide takes you to check in hotel in Phu Quoc 5 * Vinpearl Resort (Premium Villa Resort of 02, 03 or 04 bed rooms), free at leisure and bathe in the sea.
Overnight in Phu Quoc.
Day 2 : 5* RESORT PARADISE- PHU QUOC VINPEARL LAND (Breakfast, lunch, dinner)
Free to bathe in the sea at Bai Dai - One of the 17 most beautiful, wild beaches in the world or relax in the modernest swimming pool in Phu Quoc with an original design.
Then free to discover Vinpearl Land Amusement Park (Expenses excluded), a large area full of games for all of ages and hobbies.
This place converges all indoor and outdoor games, such as: flying saucer, bee ferris, rotating cup, super-speed rotating disk, windmills, etc.
Besides, there is a Water Park with attractive games such as: huge boomerang, supper hollow glissette, lazy river, castle, wave generation basin, etc.
Continue to discover Aquarium with hundreds of fish and marine creatures such as Penguins, big fresh water fishes from Amazon River basin (South America) such as: Arapaima gigas, Lepisosteus oculatus with long and fierce mouth or rare species such as Nemo, Napoleon, White Shart, King Crab, etc.
Moreover, there is a 5D film cinema, water music Stage.
For tourists having passion in Golf, Vinpearl is an ideal place to satisfy you, with 27 hole golf ground originally designed under the world's famous sea - island golf grounds.
In addition, you can visit to discover The first wildlife sanctuary of Vietnam - Phu Quoc Vinpearl Safari (Expenses excluded) with scale of 180 hectares, 150 valuable and rare species of animals and programs of Animal performance, Taking photo with animal, discovery and enjoy Zoo in natural fores, close and friendly to human.
In the evening, you are free at leisure in Phu Quoc Vinpearl Resort.
Day 3 : PHU QUOC - HCMC (Breakfast)
Free to relax in the beach of the resort till check out time.
Then, the coach shall take you to the airport to take a flight back to HCMC.
Say good bye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Phu Quoc
At Phu Quoc You can visit the following destinations Phu Quoc.
To know more about Phu Quoc Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Phú Quốc
Tour program
Ha Noi - Ninh Binh - Ha Long - Pelican Cruise - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An
Tour code: NDSGN162-008-180317-U
Duration: 9 days
Departure: 18/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
18,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 800,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
18,990,000 VND 18,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
The North Central route, tourists will have the opportunity to discover a land of Central heritage with many beautiful landscapes in Hoi An, Da Nang, Hue, Quang Binh and the North areas which are equally charming with spectacular landscapes in Ninh Binh, Ha Long.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (Lunch, dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04 or 10 (depending on the airline). Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Return to Ha Noi and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 2 : HA NOI - HA LONG (3 Meals)
Enjoy breakfast, check out and depart to Ha Long.
Upon arrival at the Halong Bay, take a canoe to the 4 star Pelican Cruise, enjoy drinks while listen the program and safety measures to ensure the safety on board.
Enjoy a buffet lunch on board and admire the Ha Long Bay scenery, including: Cho Da Island, Ga Choi Island, Dinh Huong Island,… 
Upon lunch, you visit Sang Toi Cave, you can choose to go by ferry-boat to enjoy the Bay's scenery or explore Sang Toi Cave by Kayak, if being lucky, you may catch the monkeys on rock, very interesting.
Then you are free to go swim on Soi Sim or Ti Top Beaches, you can conquer Ti Top Peak to admire the panoramic view of Ha Long Bay from here.
Back on board, you can watch the sunset over the sea or you can use the services of massage and spa (expenses excluded).
At night, you can participate in cooking classes at Happy hour (18:00-19:00) on rooftop, eat dinner at a restaurant on board.
Stay overnight on Pelican Cruise.
Day 3 : HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (3 meals)
Early in the morning, enjoy the sunrise on board or join Taichi classes (fitness supplements) in the morning, then eat a light breakfast on board.
Then, continue to visit the Sung Sot Cave, one of the most beautiful and famous caves of Ha Long Bay, and in the top 10 beautiful caves in the world.
Check out and the lunch is served while the cruise moves to the port. You stay on board, sunbathe and enjoy the tranquility of world natural heritage.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
Upon arrival in Hanoi, check in and stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HA NOI - HUE (3 Meals)
Have breakfast.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
In the afternoon, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Hue.
Overnight in Hue.
Day 5 : HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (3 Meals)
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel. visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Have lunch.
Check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace (Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in a 4 star hotel in Hue.
Day 6 : HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (3 Meals)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Upon arrival in Dong Hoi, have breakfast.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Palace Cave, etc.
Continue to visit the new cave in the World Heritage Site of Phong Nha - Ke Bang: Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length which was discovered and put into operation in tourism in 2010.
Return to Dong Hoi, after dinner you are free to walk around Nhat Le Beach, eat seafood (expense excluded).
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
Day 7 : QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (3 Meals)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Check out.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Have lunch.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co before going through Hai Van to Da Nang City, then check in and free at leisure.
Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you shall take a car to experience the "Sun Wheel" at the Asian Park (expenses excluded) - belonging an architectural structure in combination between contemporary and ancient features, acculturation between Vietnam and other Asian countries designed by the skillful architect Bill Bensley.
Here, you can admire the Da Nang's sightseeing with a new perspective that has never been explored.
In particular, with the impressive height of 115m, the Sun Wheel is currently in top 10 highest wheels in the world.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 8 : DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc.
Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple - located atop Chua Mountain, where worships the goddess of the highlands (Bà Mẫu Thượng Ngàn), visit the Bell Tower, Linh Phong Tu Tower.
Continue to the Fantasy Park: `with new adventure games to enjoy thrilling experiences such as: Love Wheel, Skiver Pilot, Fire Racetracks, Ghost House and exhibition areas of over 40 wax - including wax of the famous singers, actors, scientists, leaders in the world...
Back to Da Nang for lunch.
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
Day 9 : DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA (Breakfast, Lunch)
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel.
Take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet (Depending on weather situation: from December to March every year, instead of My Khe Beach because of cold sea, you shall arrive at Danang Galina Mud Bath &amp; Spa, including the cost of the pool bath, using the aquatic therapy system, costs of mud baths excluded).
Then visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Check out and eat lunch.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building.
Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 9 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Nha Trang - Tam Island - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 3 star)
Tour code: NDSGN504-006-020317VJ-U
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 02/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 2
4,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 300,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 2
4,190,000 VND 3,890,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - CAM RANH - WHITE SAND DOC LET - NHA TRANG Meals included: 2 meals (Lunch, Dinner)
Gather at column no.04, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - HON TAM RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Hon Tam harbor for a boat to Hon Tam Island - the tropical island with charming blue sea and white sand.
On arrival you are free to swim in the sea or dip yourself relaxing in the swimming pool, visit Ancient houses - where preserves and reproduces traditional culture of Vietnam, Artificial waterfall, and enjoy live performances by a Philippine band.
Additionally, you can participate in water sports games including parachuting, sailing, water canoeing, surfing (expenses excluded).
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below:
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City, including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - Located on top of Hoang Lan Hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky.
Continue to visit Long Son Pagoda, an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. Freely go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
Then, go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
* The flight schedule is subject to changes of the airliner.
** If the flight departs before 07:00 or arrives after 19:00, Vietravel will bonus more meal to the tourists.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Nha Trang - Da Lat (3 Star Hotel)
Tour code: NDSGN523-013-040317XE-U-2
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
3,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 2
3,990,000 VND 3,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after after long days of stressful work and study.
The journey also takes tourists to “Dream city” to experience cool air, vast pine forests, stroll the bustling night market and good-natured and lovable people in Da Lat.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 meals
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City).
And depart for Nha Trang.
On the way, visit Ca Na Beach - One of the most beautiful beaches in the Middle region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset over Nha Trang bay.
Upon arrival in Nha Trang, check in.
In the evening, you are free to explore the sea city.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - WHITE SAND DOC LET - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
In the morning, the coach takes you to visit White Sand Doc Let Resort – With the very green lawn and typical coconut palms in the space of mixing the sunshine, white sand and the scenery, the dreamlike scene is revealed in the luxury resort.
Freely swim and play the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc. or taste seafood (at your own expense).
The coach shall take you to return to Nha Trang.
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - Located on top of Hoang Lan Hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky.
The trip continues with visit to Long Son pagoda which is an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. You can go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night
In the evening, explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponagar seafood street, etc.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG - MEMENTO RESORT - DA LAT Meals included: 3 meals
In the morning, visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center.
With the quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture charactering Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai River with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services.
Then continue to buy specialties at Dam Market.
Return to hotel for check-out, depart to Da Lat.
On the way, you will visit Memento Country House. Here, you can mix with the pure and quiet atmosphere of the countryside of the Middle with the very green lawns, the carol of many birds and the simply thatched cottages with earthen walls.
The relaxing pastoral services: go fishing, spa therapy with the natural ingredients, relax on the spacious lawn or lie in a hammock with the full of the creak of the green bamboo trees (at your own expense).
You also participate the lunch with the traditional dishes of the Vietnam countryside at Memento Resort.
Upon arrival in Nha Trang, check in and relax.
At night, freely enjoy coffee in the mild air of the mountainous city.
Stay overnight in Da Lat.
Day 4 : DA LAT - THE FLOWER CITY Meals included: 3 meals
You visit and conquer Langbiang Mountain - The roof of Central Highlands, have the panoramic view of mountain, Dankia lake, Suoi Vang with the meandering rivers seen from above (Go to the Mountain by Jeep car as a choice - At your own expense).
Continue to visit Golden Valley - An incredible combination of the typical features of Cu Hill and charming and attractive sceneries with the gardens, stone area, bonsai garden or artificial waterfall, etc.
In the afternoon, Bao Dai Private Residence (Dinh III) - The place where the family of final King in the feudal dynasties of Vietnam lived in and worked, is the next destination.
Pay a visit Da Lat Market and buy the local specialties.
Stay overnight in Da Lat.
Day 5 : DA LAT - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch)
Check out and depart to Ho Chi Minh City. Along the way, you will visit Truc Lam Temple - Get the panoramic view of Tuyen Lam Lake with the beautiful nature, mountains and pine forest in Da Lat, etc.
Continue to visit the Falls Datanla natural beauty of Dalat jungle waterfall just majestic , strong , freshly brewed something romantic , gentle .
Here you can conquer the challenge to slide the tube service to visit the falls (expenses excluded) Go to Ho Chi Minh City in the evening, the coach takes you to return the pick-up place.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Nha Trang - Four Island - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 4 star)
Tour code: NDSGN507-006-040317VJ-U-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 04/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 8
5,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 300,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
5,190,000 VND 4,890,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - CAM RANH - WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT - NHA TRANG Meals included: 2 (Lunch, dinner)
Gather at column no.04, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
On arrival, the coach will take you back to Nha Trang city
After enjoying diner, you are free to explore the seaside city with a lot of exciting activities at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG – GO SIGHTSEEING 4 ISLANDS Meals included: 3 (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Stone bridge wharf and you begins an interesting travel.
Get on a ship to come to close to Swallow Island (also called Hon Rom Island), listen to the tour guide explaining about history of Swallow's nest trade and various species of Swallow.
Continue the journey to Mon Mun Island - Vietnam's largest marine sanctuary, here, you can swim, dive in the blue water and admire various and diversified marine species.
Stay on board and sunbathe.
On arrival in Hon Mot, enjoy lunch on Tri Nguyen Restaurant with attractive and delicious local seafood dishes.
You can also try fishing or freely swim and dive to explore coral reefs again. Especially, enjoy the delicious taste of fishes you have just fished.
Finally, visit Vinpearl Land Entertainment Paradise (expenses excluded)
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG –HCMC Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After enjoying breakfast buffet at the hotel
Go to Cam Ranh airport to catch a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
* The flight schedule is subject to changes of the airliner.
** If the flight departs before 07:00 or arrives after 19:00, Vietravel will bonus more meal to the tourists.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Nha Trang - Lao Island - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 4 star)
Tour code: NDSGN505-004-050317VJ-G-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 05/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
4,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
4,790,000 VND 4,590,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - CAM RANH - NHA TRANG Meals included: 1 (Dinner)
Gather at column no.04, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
Have dinner. In the evening you are free to explore the seaside city with a lot of exciting activities at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : DAY 2: NHA TRANG - HON LAO RESORT Meals included: 2 (Breakfast -Lunch)
After breakfast the coach will take you to Da Chong Port to get of the boat for a visit to Nha Phu Lagoon.
On arrival at Hon Lao island, you can participate in games and activities such as: visiting flower park, aquarium, swimming in the sea, especially enjoying Circus Monkey… or participate in sports and entertainment services: Canoeing, parachuting, water motoring, etc.
(expenses excluded).
In the afternoon you can choose between the two programs below:
1. Visiting religious symbols of Nha Trang including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - located on top of Hoang Lan hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
Nui Cathedral was built under the architectural style of Western Catholic Church, outstanding in the blue sky.
The trip continues with visit to Long Son pagoda - which is an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. You can go for a walk in the seashore or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will have to pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, Vietravel's coach will take you to relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
You also continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
You will go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
* The flight schedule is subject to changes of the airliner.
** If the flight departs before 07:00 or arrives after 19:00, Vietravel will bonus more meal to the tourists.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Central of Vietnam: Nha Trang - Tam Island (Hotel 4 star)
Tour code: NDSGN510-007-090317XE-U-4S
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
4,390,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
4,390,000 VND 4,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
Gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City) to depart to Nha Trang.
Along the way you will visit Ca Na beach - one of the most beautiful beaches in the Central region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset from Nha Trang bay.
To Nha Trang you check in hotel and rest.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - HON TAM RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast, Lunch)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Hon Tam Harbor for a boat to Hon Tam Island - the tropical island with charming blue sea and white sand.
On arrival you are free to swim in the sea or dip youself relaxing in the swimming pool, visit Ancient houses - where preserves and reproduces traditional culture of Vietnam, Artificial waterfall, and enjoy live performances by a Philippine band.
Additionally, you can participate in water sports games including parachuting, sailing, water canoeing, surfing (expenses excluded).
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below:
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City, including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - Located on top of Hoang Lan Hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky. Continue to visit Long Son Pagoda, an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. Freely go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land Entertainment World (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 3 (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, Vietravel's coach will take you to White Sand Doc Let Resort - Designed with green lawns and coconut lines typical of the seaside region, where the sunshine, white sand and the scenery are intertwined to become a romantic setting for this luxury resort.
Freely swim and do the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc. or taste seafood (at your own expense).
Have lunch.
Then return to the hotel for rest.
In the afternoon you will visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
You also continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
After dinner, you are free to explore the busy life of the sea city at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 4 : NHA TRANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After breakfast buffet, you make the procedures of check out.
Depart to Ho Chi Minh City.
Along the way you will stop to buy Phan Rang specialties such as: grape, garlic, etc.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh City in the afternoon, you are taken to the original point.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel
Tour program
Nha Trang - Tam Island - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 4 star)
Tour code: NDSGN504-007-090317VJ-U-1
Duration: 3 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
5,190,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 300,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
5,190,000 VND 4,890,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - CAM RANH - WHITE SAND DOC LET - NHA TRANG Meals included: 2 meals (Lunch, Dinner)
Gather at column no.04, Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG - HON TAM RESORT - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Hon Tam harbor for a boat to Hon Tam Island - the tropical island with charming blue sea and white sand.
On arrival you are free to swim in the sea or dip yourself relaxing in the swimming pool, visit Ancient houses - where preserves and reproduces traditional culture of Vietnam, Artificial waterfall, and enjoy live performances by a Philippine band.
Additionally, you can participate in water sports games including parachuting, sailing, water canoeing, surfing (expenses excluded).
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below:
1. Visit religious symbols of Nha Trang City, including Nui Cathedral (Nha Trang Cathedral) - Located on top of Hoang Lan Hill at an altitude of 12m at the city center.
The cathedral was built in the style of Western Catholic church, outstanding in the blue sky.
Continue to visit Long Son Pagoda, an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
The pagoda is located within the city of Nha Trang, at the foot of Trai Thuy Hill.
This is also one of the famous tourist attractions in Nha Trang.
2. Freely go for a walk in the seashore (or participated in Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel or go for a walk at night.
In the evening, you can explore the beauty of Nha Trang culinary through popular dishes such as Ninh Hoa grilled meatball, Jellyfish noodles, Ponaga seafood street, etc.
(dinner excluded).
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – HCM city Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
Then, go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
* The flight schedule is subject to changes of the airliner.
** If the flight departs before 07:00 or arrives after 19:00, Vietravel will bonus more meal to the tourists.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 3 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Nha Trang - Four Islands tour - Vinpearl Land  (Hotel 2 star)
Tour code: NDSGN516-008-110317XE-U
Duration: 4 days
Departure: 11/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 5
2,990,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 200,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 4
2,990,000 VND 2,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Dubbed as the most beautiful coastal city in Vietnam with a long coastline, beautiful beaches, unspoiled and poetic islands such as Binh Hung, Binh Ba, Hon Mun and Hon Tam together with diversified and various hotel and restaurant services from popular to the highest class such as Vinpearland Resort.
Nha Trang is a suitable destination for the entire family at any time of the year to rest, relax after long days of stressful work and study.
Travel with Vietravel to explore this exciting journey.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City) to depart to Nha Trang.
Along the way you will visit Ca Na beach - one of the most beautiful beaches in the Central region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset over Nha Trang Bay.
To Nha Trang you check in hotel and rest.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 2 : NHA TRANG – 4 ISLANDS Meals included: 3 (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
In the morning, the coach takes you to Stone bridge wharf and you begins an interesting travel.
Get on a ship to come to close to Swallow Island (also called Hon Rom Island), listen to the tour guide explaining about history of Swallow's nest trade and various species of Swallow.
Continue the journey to Mon Mun Island - Vietnam's largest marine sanctuary, here, you can swim, dive in the blue water and admire various and diversified marine species.
Stay on board and sunbathe.
On arrival in Hon Mot, enjoy lunch on Tri Nguyen Restaurant with attractive and delicious local seafood dishes.
You can also try fishing or freely swim and dive to explore coral reefs again. Especially, enjoy the delicious taste of fishes you have just fished.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 3 : NHA TRANG – WHITE SAND DOC LET RESORT I-RESORT HOT MINERAL SPRING CENTER Meals included: 3 (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, Vietravel's coach will take you to White Sand Doc Let Resort - Designed with green lawns and coconut lines typical of the seaside region, where the sunshine, white sand and the scenery are intertwined to become a romantic setting for this luxury resort.
Freely swim and do the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc. or taste seafood (at your own expense).
Have lunch.
Then return to the hotel for rest.
In the afternoon you will visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
Especially, since the summer 2016, when visiting I-resort, you will have chance to play at I-resort Hot Mineral Water Park - The first and only hot mineral water park in Vietnam. This park provides majestic mineral water system combined with unique water games along romantic banks of Cai River.
I-resort Nha Trang Mineral Water Park is expected to offer you freshness and absolute satisfaction.
(Expenses for playing at the park shall be excluded).
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
After dinner, you are free to explore the busy life of the sea city at night.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
Day 4 : NHA TRANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch)
After breakfast buffet, you make the procedures of check out.
Depart to Ho Chi Minh City.
Along the way you will stop to buy Phan Rang specialties such as: grape, garlic, etc.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh Cityin the afternoon, you are taken to the original point.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 4 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Nha Trang
At Nha Trang You can visit the following destinations Nha Trang, Nha Phu Water Park, Diep Son Island, Hon Chong, Hon Lao, Hon Tam, Diving, Hot Spring I-Resort, Vinpearl Land, Doc Let White Sand Beach.
To know more about Nha Trang Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Nha Trang
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Fansipan - Yen Tu - Ha Long
Tour code: NDSGN130-001-070417VJ-U
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 07/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
8,090,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam, connecting Hanoi and Lao Cai through Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Yen Bai.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
Day 2 : SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, climb the Ham Rong Mount for sightseeing and photography of Sapa town in fog, visit the blooming orchid garden, the central garden, watch the majestic Mount Fansipan, Heaven Gate, Thach Lam Dragon Head, Cloud Yard.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, and then depart to Bac Ha.
On arrival, you shall blend into the exciting atmosphere of the mountainous market - Bac Ha Market, known as the largest mountainous market in Lao Cai, where gathered many traders in neighboring ethic groups for exchange, trade but Bac Ha is more famous by its natural beauty.
Continue to visit Hoang A Tuong Palace - also known as the "H'Mong's King's Palace" built from 1914 owned by Hoang Yen Chao - Tay ethnic group, Hoang A Tuong's father.
After nearly 100 years of existence, the old house still stands majestically outstanding between a densely populated place, crowded streets.
Return to Hanoi, check in.
In the evening, you are free to explore the old town at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Return to the hotel, free at leisure or free to visit Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), see circus performances of Dolphins, Seals .
Stay overnight in Ha Long.
Day 5 : HA LONG - (Cat Bi) HAI PHONG - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Next, take a coach to the Cat Bi airport (Hai Phong) for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Ha Noi
Tour code: NDSGN131-001-050417VJ-G
Duration: 5 days
Departure: 05/04/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
7,690,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam, connecting Hanoi and Lao Cai through Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Yen Bai.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
Day 2 : SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, climb the Ham Rong Mount for sightseeing and photography of Sapa town in fog, visit the blooming orchid garden, the central garden, watch the majestic Mount Fansipan, Heaven Gate, Thach Lam Dragon Head, Cloud Yard.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou", go shopping at Coc Leu market.
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
In the evening, you are free to explore the old town at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Continue to visit and find out about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Return to the hotel, free at leisure or free to visit Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), see circus performances of Dolphins, Seals .
Stay overnight in Halong.
Day 5 : HA LONG - (Cat Bi) HAI PHONG - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Next, take a coach to the Cat Bi airport (Hai Phong) for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 4 và Tour du lịch 5 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
Northwest of Vietnam: Nghia Lo - Tu Le - Mu Cang Chai - Yen Bai - Sapa - Dien Bien - Son La - Moc Chau - Happy Land
Tour code: NDSGN172-021-100317VJ-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 10/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 4
8,890,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Mu Cang Chai (Yen Bai) appears in the eyes of tourists with enchanting terraced rice paddies, beautiful mountain passes.
Like a brilliant mountain girl in the northwestern mountains and forests, Mu Cang Chai attracts tourists with wild, mountainous beauty.
Arriving in Mu Cang Chai, you also have the opportunity to learn unique features of Mong ethnic group with friendliness and hospitality.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY - NOI BAI (HANOI) - YEN BAi - NGHIA LO (Lunch - Dinner)
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, column 04 at the Domestic Terminal so that tour guide makes the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Yen Bai.
Along the way, stop in Phu Tho to visit the Hung Temple.
On arrival, carry a thurible, visit Thuong Temple, Trung Temple, Ha Temple, Well of Pearls, King Hung Mausoleum, freely take photos and go shopping of souvenirs and then depart to Nghia Lo.
On arrival, check in and get rest at the hotel.
In the evening, enjoy the performances of Xoe dance, exchange and learn the characteristic culture of the Thai ethnic group.
Stay overnight in Nghia Lo.
Day 2 : NGHIA LO - MU CANG CHAI - SAPA (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, depart to Mu Cang Chai, across Tu Le, you will smell the faintly fragrance of "new rice" along the wind from the roof chimney; this place is famous for sweet rice and grean rice.
To the Khau Pha Pass, you shall stop to take photos and watch the beautiful Lim Mong Village located at the foot of the pass.
This is a H'Mong village and a home to the most beautiful rice field in Mu Cang Chai.
Across the Khau Pha Pass to the territory of Mu Cang Chai, you will be enthralled by the bewitching beauty of terraced roads (Famous in 3 communes: La Pan Tan, Che Cu Nha and Ze Xu Phinh).
Then, admire the wide and out of sight valleys, cascading fields bending along mountain sides, mountains by mountains.
You can visit and enjoy the stages of rice season: sparkling water season on the slopes (February - March), rice transplanting season (May), the young rice season (June - July) and the most beautiful season - ripening season or gold season (September - October).
It is the also enthralling beauty in the ripening season, terraced fields in three communes were ranked as National Monument in 2007.
Upon arrival at the town of Mu Cang Chai, enjoy lunch and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, depart to Sapa, on the way, you shall stop to watch a panoramic view of dreaming Tan Uyen tea plantation and admire majestic landscapes of northwest mountains from O Quy Ho Pass - The boundary between two provinces Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around the Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
On arrival in Sapa, check in and get rest at the hotel.
In the evening, you are free to visit the mountain town and enjoy special dishes here.
Stay overnight in Sa Pa.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAI CHAU (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, Return to Lai Chau, check in and get rest.
Stay overnight in Lai Chau.
Day 4 : LAI CHAU - PHONG THO - MUONG LAY - DIEN BIEN (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
then depart to Dien Bien, and admire the northwest mountains and forests along the Nam Na River and wetlands formed by water rising of Son La hydroelectric plant at the confluence of: Da River, Nam Na River and Nam Rom River.
On arrival at Muong Lay, eat lunch.
Continue the journey to Dien Bien, visit the Dien Bien Phu Museum - Built in 1984 on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the historic victory of Dien Bien Phu, visit the Martyr's Cemetery in Hill A1, and A1 Hill, French military headquarters (General De Castries).
Stay overnight in Dien Bien.
Check in, enjoy dinner and stay overnight at Dien Bien.
Day 5 : DIEN BIEN - SON LA - MOC CHAU (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, and then depart to Son LA.
Along the way, you will admire the majestic scenery of Northwest mountain from the peak of Pha Din Pass - One of the "big four pass" of Northwest region and ranked in most impressive group of 6 passes in Vietnam.
Upon arrival in Son La, have lunch.
Then, depart to Moc Chau.
Next, visit Dai Yem Waterfall - also called Nang Waterfall, in order to compare the soft beauty, seductive images of waterfalls with the beauty of young girls.
Then visit the Moc Chau Tea Hill - Standing on a tea hill, you will feel the fresh and cool air, at the same time witness the mist floating on, the tea roads running around the hill arranged in rows like the endlessly stretching green terraced fields.
You stop to go shopping of famous specialties made from fresh cow's milk of Moc Chau as a gift.
Check in and free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Moc Chau.
Day 6 : MOC CHAU - MAI CHAU - NOI BAI AIRPORT (HANOI) (Breakfast - Lunch)
Have breakfast at hotel and check out.
You visit Happy Land Moc Chau.
Depart to Hoa Binh and enjoy lunch.
Then, return to Hanoi, you shall take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Tour program
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Fansipan - Yen Tu - Ha Long - Bai Dinh - Trang An
Tour code: NDSGN183-115-090317VN-U
Duration: 6 days
Departure: 09/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 1
8,790,000 VND BOOK NOW
Discount 500,000 VND/tourist when registering and paying online.
Seat Availability 1
8,790,000 VND 8,290,000 VND BOOK NOW
The route takes tourists to the ancient, majestic capital; Ninh Binh, a peaceful, quiet place with wonderful Trang An, majestic Bai Dinh Pagoda.
And Ha Long, an indispensable tourist place with spectacular and impressive caves in sunset.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner)
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam, connecting Hanoi and Lao Cai through Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Yen Bai.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
Day 2 : SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
Here, you will travel by cable cars which currently owns 2 Guinness, including the longest three-rope cable system in the world (6.325m) and the greatest elevation difference (1,410 m).
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
Day 3 : SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou", go shopping at Coc Leu market.
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
In the evening, you are free to explore the old town at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
Day 4 : HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Return to the hotel, free at leisure or free to visit Tuan Chau Resort (expenses excluded), see circus performances of Dolphins, Seals .
Besides, you may visit Sun World Ha Long Park Ba Deo Mountain by Queen cable car from Bai Chay Beach, which reaches two world records (cabin with the world's largest capacity, 230 persons/cabin and the cable with the world's highest pole from land, T1 pole in 188.88m.), experience the solar wheel, visit the Japanese garden, wax exhibition area, children's recreation area, etc.
Overnight in Halong.
Day 5 : HA LONG - NINH BINH (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner)
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the afternoon, take a coach to Ninh Binh. On arrival, check in and enjoy the special dish of milk goat.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
Day 6 : NINH BINH - TRANG AN - HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
Check out, then visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
You can visit the Pagoda by trams.
Then, continue to Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
Return to Hanoi, then take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 6 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Lao Cai
At Lao Cai You can visit the following destinations Lao Cai, Mount Fansipan, Ham Rong Mountain, Terraced fields, Sapa, Thac Bac Waterfall,
To know more about Lao Cai Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Lào Cai
List tours of Malta
Currently, there is no tour opening to Malta.
Please, choose a new destination or come back later.
Destination Malta
At Malta You can visit the following destinations Gozo Island, Malta,
To know more about Malta Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Malta
Destination Croatia
At Croatia You can visit the following destinations Croatia,
Destination Cambodia
At Cambodia You can visit the following destinations Bokor , Cambodia, Kampot, Phnom Penh, Siem Reap, Sihanouk Ville, Thansur Borkor,
To know more about Cambodia Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Campuchia
Tour program
Dallas-Mexico-Cuba-Panama
Tour code: NNSGN763-03-260317AA-P
Duration: 13 days
Departure: 26/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
169,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
Experience the best of Mexico’s rich history and spectacular ruins along with the vibrant history, traditions and rhythms of Cuba on this adventure of a lifetime. Be seduced by the wonder, sensuality and alluring fallen beauty that is Havana during a discovery of Cuba.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HCMC - CANCUN (Dinner)
Vietravel's tour leader shall pick up Tourists at Tan Son Nhat airport to take a flight at 8:40 to Narita.
Transit 02 hours at Narita airport.
Then, connect a flight to Dallas, and again connect a flight to Cancun arriving at 21:23 on the same date, enjoy dinner and check in hotel to take rest after a long flight.
Day 2 : CANCUN (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
The coach takes you to go on sightseeing and play at Xel Ha Park - the world's famous theme water park.
Xel Ha Park is located in the middle of the lagoons, a large estuary; where there is a large natural aquarium, in which the tropical fish and flora are abundant and diversified.
Water in this park is turquoise blue; is formed by the currents of the underground rivers mixed with salt water in the estuary All areas underwater in the park are fenced to prevent from sharks for safety of tourists.
Here, Tourists can lie to be drifted downstream, swimming with the shy and gentle natural creatures, or participate in funny aquatic sports.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, you will depart to visit Tulum relics- a famous ruin of the Mayan.
Tulum City is surrounded by ancient citadels, built on a cliff with a panoramic view of the Caribbean.
Tulum charms tourists all around the worlds by its ancient beauty of thousands of years ago, by the ancient structures built by man power still exist until today, challenging time.
Back to Cancun to enjoy dinner and check in hotel to be free at leisure.
Day 3 : CANCUN - CHICHEN-ITZA - CANCUN (Three meals)
You will spend the whole morning discovering Chichen-Itza architectural ensemble, one of the world's seven new wonders.
Here is also the place where "composed" the calendar with the end of the 5,125 year cycle of the Mayan on 12 December 2012, the day was once believed to be doomsday.
Conquering the Mayan pyramid, built by the Mayan as a span between the divine and the human, visit the Temple of the Warriors, handball sport field "defend or die", where the losing captain will be beheaded after the end of the match.
Depart back to Cancun, on the way, you will call on for visiting and immersing in the sacred blue water of Cenote Ik Kil Lake - the product of tectonic processes lasting millions of years and considered a sacred place of the ancient Mayan and compared as the sacred lake fairyland of the Mayan.
This lake was totally situated about 20m underground.
This used to be a resort of the ancient Mayan as well as a supply of water for the ritual.
Back to Cancun to enjoy dinner and take rest.
Day 4 : CANCUN - LA HABANA (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Day 5 : LA HABANA (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Then depart to tour La Havana City - the Capital City of Cuba , one of the oldest cities in the Western Hemisphere.
Habana was built in baroque and neoclassical style, recognized by UNESCO as the World Cultural Heritage in 1982.
This tour takes you to the main points in the city, including Old Havana district and modern Havana areas.
You begin the program with the visit to the historic district with the General Captian Museum, La Bodeguita del Medio - a famous restaurant in Havana visited by many tourists.
Visit Plaza de Arms and San Francisco Square, Church Cathedral in Havana with ancient architecture and considered a famous religious works.
You will have the chance to feel the atmosphere of the narrow cobble streets of Old Havana district, admire the old colonial buildings dated from 16th century.
Call on Ambos Mundos hotel, this is the place where the great famous writer Ernest Hemingway of the U.S lived and worked when he visited Cuba.
Lounging in Obispo, Tourists are easily intoxicated by the loveliness of this pedestrian street.
Here is concentrated with many local stores for you to buy a variety of gifts.
Lunch at local restaurant, you will be able to taste Mojito - famous cocktail made from rum of Cuba.
Afternoon, you stop at the Rum Museum to see the wine production process, local crafts market. Visit El Morro Fortress– where defended the estuary inhere.
Stroll the coastal city of Casablanca before dinner at a local restaurant and back to hotel to take rest.
Day 6 : LA HABANA – CIENFUEGOS - TRINIDAD (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Depart to Trinidad city.
On the way, call on for visiting Zapata Peninsula located on the historical Bay of Pigs, where has the largest wetlands of the Caribbean, and a habitat of 175 species of birds, 31 species of reptiles, especially flamingos and alligators and thousands of other invertebrates.
Visit the cold war Museum of the Bay of Pigs battle.
Tourists have lunch on the way.
Stop at Cienfuegos city to enjoy lunch.
Then, visit the city, recognized as the World's Heritage Site by the UNESCO in 2004.
This is a best model for Urban Planning of the "era of light" of Spain in early 19th century with square streets aligned straight like a chessboard.
Visit Marti Park located right at the the Historical Center as the symbol oft this City.
It has still remained the old architectures of French style since the time of colonial settlers.
Visit Valle Palace, Marti Park and Tomas Terry Theater, Cathedral.
Then, the coach continues to take you to Trinidad City.
On arrival, you will enjoy dinner, then back to check in hotel and free at leisure.
Day 7 : TRINIDAD – SANTA CLARA – LA HABANA (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Tourists will spend the all day visiting Trinidad city, one of the first villages established by the Spanish in the 16th century and recognized as the World Heritage Site in 1988 by the UNESCO.
Trinidad is famous for its cobbled streets and houses painted pastel color, with the magnificent buildings and shopping malls.
Start the tour with visiting Main Square, Central Square, Holy Trinity Church and Romantic Museum.
Canchanchara bar and Iznaga Tower.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
In the afternoon, Tourists are taken by coach to the city of Santa Clara, where the victory of the Cuban Revolution lead by Ernesto "Che" Guevara and Camilo Cienfeugous took place.
Here, you will call on the monument in honor of Che Guevara - the national hero of Cuba, his Tomb and the Museum storing memorabilia in the life of Che.
Vidal Park, “Armored Train”.
In the afternoon, Tourists are back to La Habana and enjoy dinner at a local restaurant.
After dinner, you will be back to hotel and free at leisure.
Day 8 : LA HABANA - PANAMA (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Visit Ernest Hemingway museum located in a large precinct having a swimming pool, on a hill of San Francisco de Paula Village is a house where Hemingway used to live for 20 years.
At the end of the garden, You are introduced the Pilar fishing boat of the writer.
To end the journey tracing Hemingway, Tourists will walk to the fishing village of Cojimar, where Hemingway's boat used to moor and where inspired him to write "The Old Man and the Sea".
A stature of the writer was also erected in here.
Enjoy lunch at a local restaurant.
Then visit the outside of Capitolio Nacional - where used to be Cuba's parliamentary house until after the 1959 reform period.
The building design makes many humorous persons compared as "twin" with the United States Capitol in Washington DC - USA.
Then depart to airport to take a flight to Panama - Apart from the world-famous canal, the Panama also hides many historical, cultural and natural sights attracting tourists.
After entry procedures, you will enjoy dinner at a local restaurant and check in hotel to either be free at leisure or discover Panama at night.
Day 9 : MIRAFLORES LOCKS - PEDRO MIGUEL LOCKS (Three meals)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel.
Then spend the all day visiting and discovering Panama City, one of the destinations attracting the most visitors.
Take part in a tour discovering the operation process of Panama canal.
Panama Canal comprises of 3 locks, namely Gatun lock, Pedro Miguel Lock and Miraflores locks, It takes about 9 hours to pass through the canals, but in the journey of the day, you will go one section of it, through Pedro Miguel lock and Miraflores lock.
However, in the meantime you will have contemplation and take photo of the beautiful surrounding landscape.
Continue to visit Casco Viejo - a quarter with captivating ancient buildings and historical sites.
Casco Viejo was once ravaged by the urbanization of the city of Panama, forgotten and quickly became slums.
However, these ancient buildings have been restored.
By the efforts of the international community, Casco Viejo was recognized as the World Heritage Site by the UNESCO in 2003.
After dinner, Tourists will be either free at leisure or discover the city.
Day 10 : EMBERA MEETING POINT - PANAMA VEIJO (Three meals)
Breakfast at hotel.
Depart to Embara meeting point, boarding the Piragua (dugout boat) and travel along Charges river to the Embera Indian Village.
Here, you will have a chance to learn about the culture and join in many interesting activities.
Lunch at local restaurant.
In the afternoon, depart back to Panama city, visit Panama Veijo - former capital of the country featured with historically significant ruins.
After that, free for shopping in Panama.
Dinner and free at leisure.
Day 11 : PANAMA - LOS ANGELES (Breakfast, Dinner)
Enjoy breakfast at hotel and check-out.
The coach takes you to the airport to take a flight back to Los Angeles.
On arrival, complete entry procedure, free to visit and go shopping in Los Angeles till the time of gathering to airport to take a flight back to Vietnam (Transit in Japan). Overnight on the board.
Day 12 : Crossing the international date line
Day 13 : HO CHI MINH CITY
On arrival at Tan Son Nhat airport at 9:50 am, Vietravel's coach will pick you up and take you back to 190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC.
End of the trip.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 13 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Panama
At Panama You can visit the following destinations EMBERA INDIAN VILLAGE,
MIRAFLORES LOCKS, Panama, PEDRO MIGUEL LOCKS,
To know more about Panama Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Panama
Destination Mexico
At Mexico You can visit the following destinations Cancun, Chichen-Itza, Mexico, Xel Ha Park, To know more about Mexico Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Mexico
List tours of Oman
Currently, there is no tour opening to Oman.
Please, choose a new destination or come back later.
Destination Oman
At Oman You can visit the following destinations
To know more about Oman Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Oman
Tour program
Bhutan: Discover the happiest country world- the first day of tet
Tour code: NNSGN972-003-200317VN-U
Duration: 7 days
Departure: 20/03/2017 Other days
Place of departure: Ho Chi Minh City
Seat Availability: 9
64,990,000 VND
BOOK NOW
In this new journey, Vietravel wants to introduce to you the best features of the land known as "the City of the Clouds", "the happiest country in the world" by the route combining riding and walking on foot in the remote villages of the "Kingdom of the Thunder Dragon", visit the ancient temples and monasteries located in the high mountains to feel the sense of peace and distinguish life of the people of Bhutan from other lands.
Accompanied service
Insurance
Meals
Guides
Sighseeing tickets
Transport
Tour program Tour details Note Contact Other days
Day 1 : HO CHI MINH CITY – BANGKOK
Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick you up at 190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City and take you to Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch a flight to Bangkok.
On arrival, get on the coach to go the hotel for rest.
Stay overnight in Bangkok
Day 2 : BANGKOK - PARO - THIMPHU (55 km) (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
In the early morning, after check out, go to the airport to catch a flight to the only airport of Bhutan at Paro valley.
You will have the opportunity to enjoy the panoramic view one of the world's highest mountains through the window of airplane.
Go to the Paro airport, the tour guide will make the entry procedures to Bhutan for you.
After completing entry procedures to "the land of Thunder Dragon", you get on the coach to go toThimphu - Bhutan's capital, located in the western part of Bhutan at an altitude of about 2,300 meters.
The city is located in the fertile valley of Thimphu River, and characterized by a blend of tradition and modernity.
On arrival, you begin the journey to explore the city with:
- National Memorial Chorten: has the stunning architecture to commemorate the 3rd king of Bhutan, the "father of modern Bhutan".
Chorten was built with the purpose as a place to pray for peace and prosperity.
The patterns on the ceilings inside and surrounding statues are imbued with philosophy of Bhutan.
- Dordenma Buddhas Statue: made of gold and copper, is one of the world's tallest statue with a height of about 51m.
In the heart of Buddha statues includes 125,000 small Buddha statues and a hall.
Located on a hilltop, so you can enjoy the panoramic view of Thimphu City from here.
- Motithang Takin Preserve: where protects Takin - a goat-antelope associated with the legend on Divine Madman- Drukpa Kuenlay on the Himalayas is on the verge of extinction.
- Weekend markets (open on the weekly Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays): is an opportunity to learn about the daily life and the everyday images of the Bhutan people.
Here you can buy agricultural products and unique local souvenirs.
- Textile factory: Where you can admire the unique and characteristic brocatelle products weaved by craftsman of Bhutan.
- Handicrafts Emporium: is run by the government, which showcases a lot of handmade and embroidery products.
- Tashicho Dzong monastery (Thimphu Dzong) is the fortress monastery located in the north Thimphu on the banks of the Wang Chhu River.
Built in 1641 by Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal, this place is called "Fortress of the glorious religion".
Currently, this fortress is the administrative agency of the state, where dwells the King's room, and a lot of agencies under the managing apparatus of the state.
This is also the dwelling place in the summer of Buddhist leaders.
Enjoy dinner and check in, get at the hotel or be free to explore the city on the night
Day 3 : THIMPHU (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel, you shall visit the Jigme Dorji Wild Zoo, where nurtures wildlife of the country.
The zoo is home to some rare wildlife such as Takin - a goat-antelope associated with the legend on Divine Madman- Drukpa Kuenlay on the Himalayas that is on the verge of extinction, snow leopard, blue sheep, tiger, red panda, Himalayan black bears and more than 300 species of birds living here naturally.
After visiting the zoo,you walk on foot from the Dodena village to visit the Goemba Cheri monastery, a small hilltop monastery with high status to see the panorama of the Thimphu valley.
It is a very sacred place because it stores the holy ash of Tempi Nima, father of the first saint of the Buddhism in Bhutan.
Also a lot of paintings on the saints of Buddhism in Bhutan are preserved here.
After visiting the monastery, you take the coach back to the old path, to see the natural sights of this sacred place.
After returning to Dodena Village, you will have a picnic meal next to fresh Thimphu river.
Later, you take a coach back to Thimphu through small roads crossing the simple villages.
Eat dinner and enjoy a special cultural program.
Here, you can visit, go shopping the Cordyceps sinensis- a rare Oriental medicine since ancient times with functions to enhance the immune system and a positive effect on the cardiovascular system, respiratory, endocrine, etc.
Located in the south of Himalayas, Bhutan is one of the places to offer the best cordyceps in the world with quality controlled strictly by the Ministry of Agriculture.
Then, free at leisure.
Day 4 : THIMPHU - PUNAKHA (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast at the hotel.
You start on a journey to explore the 3,100 meter high Dochula Pass to watch the sun rise from the east, from here you can zoom eye to the north to watch the majestic Himalayas.
As many as 108 towers are scattered, towards the Himalayas representing108 the Buddha's teachings.
According to the legend, the Dochula tower was built to repel a demon often catching people at Dochula Pass - the pass connecting the Thimphu capital with the eastern Bhutan.
After the tour, you get on the coach to Punakha - once the capital and political center of the Government of Bhutan until 1955.
Located at an altitude of 1,200 meters over sea level, unlike the Thimpu, Punakha's weather is relatively warm in the winter and quite hot in summer.
Thanks to the temperate climate plus natural drainage system from the two rivers of Mo Pho and Chhu Chhu, Punakha has not only green rice fields, but also abundant fruits.
You visit the following sites:
- Punakha Dzong Fortress: was built in 1637 by Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel, the founder of the state of Bhutan.
Initially, this fortress was named the Dechen Phodrang Dzong Puntang, which means Palace of Great Bliss.
This fortress is the oldest and largest in Bhutan.
Punakha Dzong is the administrative center and the headquarter of the Government of Bhutan until 1955, when the capital was moved to Thimpu.
- The Khamsum Yulley Namgyal Chorten - a Stupa built by the third Queen, Ashi Tshering Yangdon Wangchuck in 2000 and is a great testament to the Chorten art of Tantric Buddhism in Bhutan.
You will walk about 30 minutes from the parking across a suspension bridge and fields with wild landscapes.
Have lunch and dinner at a local restaurant.
Check in and get rest at the hotel.
Day 5 : PUNAKHA - PARO (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
After breakfast and check out, you go to Paro historic town with sacred sites and ancient buildings scattered everywhere.
In addition, this town was located in the vast Paro valley, which is recognized as one of the most beautiful valleys in Bhutan.
Here, you will have the opportunity to be immersed in nature and enjoy the peaceful beauty of this country.
Paro and Punakha with Jakar, has formed a golden triangle tour in Bhutan:
- Rinpung Dzong - One of the largest monasteries of Paro, where enforcement agencies and provincial authorities are located.
Name of Rinpung Dzong Fortress means literally lying on piles of treasure.
To come to Dzong, you will come across an ancient bridge called Nemi Zam.
- Kyichu Lhakhang: As one of the two oldest and most sacred temples in Bhutan and built in the 7th century.
Kyichu Lhakhang is a combination of two temples: The first temple was built by King Songtsen Gampo of Tibet in the 7th century.
In 1968, Ashi Kesang - Queen Mother of Bhutan has built the second temple next to the first temple in the same style.
- Visit the Dungtse Lhakhang Temple - a small temple but very unique architecture in Bhutan.
Have lunch and dinner at a local restaurant.
Stay overnight at the hotel
Day 6 : PARO – TIGER'S NEST MONASTERY (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You will visit Taktsang Monastery (Tiger’s Nest) in a whole day: this is one of the famous monasteries in Bhutan, built on an 900m high steep cliff above the Paro valley.
According to the legend, long years ago, the Padmasambhava rode on the back of a tigress, came here and sit meditation in this place.
Since then, this place has become a holy place of the people of Bhutan, one of the important pilgrimage which Bhutanese citizens must try to go at least once in their lifetime.
(To reach Taktsang Monastery, you have to climb about 3 hours - you can ride on a horse, go up about 2/3 of the way (expenses excluded) then to walk and climb about 850 stairs to get to the gate; go on foot in downwards).
Have lunch and dinner at a local restaurant.
Stay overnight at the hotel.
Day 7 : PARO - BANGKOK - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch)
You have breakfast at the hotel.
You get on the coach to the Paro international airport to catch the flight to Vietnam, transit in Bangkok.
Arrive in Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3.
End the interesting tour.
See all programs Tour du lịch tháng 3 và Tour du lịch 7 ngày
Themed travel :
Destination Bhutan
At Bhutan You can visit the following destinations Bhutan, Paro, PHOBJIKHA, PUNAKHA,
Taktsang, Thimphu Capital,
To know more about Bhutan Please refer to Kinh nghiệm du lịch Bhutan
IETRAVEL ® Copyright 2016.
All rights reserved.
Specify the source of "www.travel.com.vn" ® when using the information from this website
Head Office: 190 Pasteur, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
Telephone: (84-8) 3822 8898.
Fax: (84-8) 3829 9142.
Email : info@vietravel.com
"Business license number: 0300465937 issued by Department of Planning and Investment of Ho Chi Minh City on 27 September 2010"
License No.239/GP-TTDT issued by Administration of Radio, Television and Electronic Communication on 31 December 2008 31/12/2008
Vietravel toolbar | Privacy policy | Terms of use
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM
Mainland Territory: 330,951.1 sq.km
Population: 88,772.9 thousand inhabitants (Apr.2012)
National Capital: Ha Noi
Lying on the eastern part of the Indochinese peninsula, Viet Nam is a strip of land shaped like the letter “S”. China borders it to the north, Laos and Cambodia to the west, the East Sea to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the east and south.
The coastline is 3,260km long and the inland border is 4,510km.
The country’s total length from north to south is 1,650km. Its width, stretching from east to west, is 600km at the widest point in the north, 400km in the south, and 50km at the narrowest part, in the centre, in Quang Binh Province.
Latitude: 102º 08' - 109º 28' east
Longitude: 8º 02' - 23º 23' north
Viet Nam is also a transport junction from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific Ocean.
Climate: Viet Nam lies in the tropics and monsoon (detail)
Topography: Three quarters of Viet Nam's territory consist of mountains and hills (detail)
Administrative Units: Viet Nam is divided into 63 provinces and cities.
Climate
Viet Nam
Cat Cat Village (Sa Pa, Lao Cai Province)
The annual average temperatures range from 22oC to 27oC.
Every year there are 100 rainy days and the average rainfall is 1,500 to 2,000mm.
The humidity ranges around 80%.
In general, in Viet Nam there are two seasons, the cold season occurs from November to April and the hot season from May to October.
There are essentially four distinct seasons, which are most evident in the northern provinces(from Hai Van Pass toward to the north): Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter.
Sa Pa Ancient Rock Field (Lao Cai Province)
Ha Noi
Hoan Kiem Lake (Ha Noi)
In Ha Noi there are four distinct seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter.
The annual average temperature is 23.2oC, but in winter the average temperature is 17.2oC.
Hai Phong
Tam Bac Lake (Hai Phong City)
It's one province in the North then Hai Phong is influenced by a tropical monsoon climate too. There are 4 seasons and the annual average temperature is between 23oC and 24oC. Rainfall total is between 1,600 and 1,800mm. The weather is warm throughout the year.
Quang Ninh
Thua Thien Hue
Perfume River (Hue Ctiy)
It features a tropical monsoon climate, featuring all four distinct seasons: spring, summer, autumn and winter. The spring is cool and warm, the summer is hot, the autumn is cool and the winter is cold.
Average temperature is 25oC.
The best time for tourists is from November to April next year.
Da Nang
Its climate is tropical, with two distinct rainy and dry seasons.
The average annual temperature is between 28oC and 29oC, and storms hit the area every year in September and October.
Khanh Hoa
The climate here is oceanic tropical monsoon, but is quite mild.
The average annual temperature is 26.5oC.
Annual rainfall totals over 1,200mm.
Lam Dong
Love Valley (Da Lat City, Lam Dong Province)
Ho Chi Minh City
Ho Chi Minh City People's Committee Building
The climate is divided into two seasons, with the rainy season lasting from May to November.
The average annual temperature is 27.5oC without winter, and yearly rainfall totals 1,979mm.
Tourism is convenient for all 12 months of the year.
Ba Ria-Vung Tau
The climate here is tropical monsoon.
The average annual temperature is 27oC, rarely stormy, rich in sunshine.
Country's official name
At the beginning of the Bronze Age, the Viet tribe groups had settled down in the North and in the north of Central Viet Nam.
There were about 15 groups of Lac Viet tribesmen living mainly in the northern highland and delta and a dozen Au Viet groups of tribesmen living in Viet Bac, the northern region of old Viet Nam.
♦ Van Lang (2876 BC – 258 BC)
At that time, the two ethnic tribes of the Lac Viet and Au Viet lived together in many areas with other inhabitants.
Based on historical documents, researchers correlatively delineated the location of Van Lang Nation to the present day regions of North and north of Central Vietnam, as well as the south of present-day Kwangsi (China).
♦ Au Lac (257 BC – 207 BC)
In 221 BC, Qin Shihuangdi (Tan Thuy Hoang), King of Qin (China), invaded the land of the Viet tribes.
Thuc Phan, the leader of the alliance of Au-Viet tribes was respected as the chief of the resistance war against the Tan enemy that later, in 208 BC, was forced to withdraw.
With his imposing power, Thuc Phan nominated himself as King An Duong Vuong and founded Au Lac Nation with groups of Lac Viet and Au Viet tribes.
In 207 BC, Trieu Da, King of Nam Viet (China), invaded Au Lac country.
The resistance of An Duong Vuong failed soon after this invasion.
As a result, the northern feudalist took turns dominating the country over the next seven centuries, establishing their harsh regime in the country and dividing the country into administrative regions and districts with unfamiliar names. However, the country’s name of Au Lac could not be erased from the people’s minds in their everyday life.
♦ Van Xuan (544-602)
In the spring of 542, Ly Bi rose up in arms and swept away the Chinese administration, liberating the territory.
He declared himself King of Van Xuan Kingdom in February 544, acknowledging the national superiority complex of the independent spirits to live in eternal peace.
However, the existence of Ly Bi’s administration was very brief. He was defeated by the Chinese imperial army, and the country returned to feudal Chinese domination again in 602.
The name Van Xuan was restored only after the victory over the Han army at the Bach Dang River led by General Ngo Quyen in 938. This victory marked the end of the Chinese domination period in Viet Nam.
♦ Dai Co Viet (968 – 1054)
In 968, Dinh Bo Linh defeated the twelve lords and unified the country. He declared himself King and named the country Dai Co Viet.
This name remained throughout the Dinh Dynasty (968-980), Pre-Le Dynasty (980-1009) and the beginning of Ly Dynasty (1010-1225).
♦ Dai Viet (1054 – 1802)
In 1054, a flaming bright star appeared in the sky for many days, which was considered a good omen. As a result, the King Ly changed the name of the country to Dai Viet. This name remained until the end of Tran Dynasty (1126 - 1400).
The name Dai Viet remained under the Le Dynasty (1428-1788) and the Tay Son Dynasty (1788-1802).
♦ Dai Ngu (1400 – 1406)
In March 1400, Ho Quy Ly usurped the throne of King Tran Thieu De, founded the Ho Dynasty and changed the country’s name to Dai Ngu, meaning peace in the ancient language.
This name only lasted for very short time, until April 1407, when the Ming enemy invaded Dai Ngu and defeated the Ho Dynasty (1400- 1407).
♦ Viet Nam
In 1802, Nguyen Anh claimed his coronation to become the first King Nguyen, starting the Nguyen dynasty and changing the country’s name to Viet Nam. This name was officially recognized in many diplomatic missions in 1804.
However, the words "Viet Nam" had already appeared very early in history.
In the 14th century, there was a book of code entitled "Viet Nam the Chi", edited by Doctor Ho Tong Thoc.
In the book by scholar Nguyen Trai entitled "Du Dia Chi" at the beginning of 15th century; the words "Viet Nam" were repeated several times.
Doctor Trinh Nguyen Binh Khiem (1491-1585) had written on the first page of his work "Trinh Tien Sinh Quoc Ngu" the following: "...
Viet Nam have constructed its foundation..." The words "Viet Nam" were also found in some carved stelae of the 16th - 17th century in Bao Lam Pagoda, Haiphong (1558), in Cam Lo Pagoda, Ha Noi (1590), in Phuc Thanh Pagoda, Bac Ninh (1664), etc.
In particular, in the first sentence on the stele Thuy Mon Dinh (1670) at the landmark on the border at Lang Son, it was written: "This is the gateway of Viet Nam that guards the northern frontiers..." 
In terms of meaning, there are many theories that prove the words "Viet Nam" are created by combining two racial and geographic elements, which is understood as "Viet people from the south".
During the reign of King Minh Mang (1820-1840), the name of the country was changed to Dai Nam, but Viet Nam was still widely used in many literary works, civil business affairs, and social relations.
Following the triumph of the August Revolution on August 19th 1945, which had entirely swept away Vietnamese feudal and French colonial oppression and began a new era in the country, President Ho Chi Minh proclaimed the nation’s independence and the national name Democratic Republic of Viet Nam was born on September 2nd 1945.
Although Viet Nam suffered from war and separation in the following 30 years, the sacred words "Viet Nam" were very popularly used from the North to the South, and were deeply imprinted in the hearts of the Vietnamese people.
Following the liberation of Southern Viet Nam on April 30 1975, the entire country of Viet Nam was completely unified.
In the first meeting of the National Assembly of the Unified Viet Nam on July 2nd 1976, the assembly decided to name the country The Socialist Republic of Viet Nam.
The constitution of 1980, and 1992, continued its affirmation of the country’s official name, legally and actually.
Prehistoric Era
Prehistoric Era of Viet Nam include: Pre-Paleolithic Age and Neolithic Age.
♦ Pre-Paleolithic Age
Human civilization started in Viet Nam a very long time ago.
In fact, archaeologists have found vestiges of Homo Erectus in the caves of Lang Son and Nghe An Provinces.
During the Pre-Paleolithic Age, also known as the Son Vi Era, the population of Viet Nam was rather large and widespread.
♦ Neolithic Age
The people used sophisticated trimmed stone axes.
Foundation of the Nation
Metal Age (about 4,000 years ago):
Vietnam existed three major cultural centers: Phung Nguyen - Dong Son (The North), Long Thanh - Sa Huynh (The Centre) and Cau Sat, Doc Chua - Dong Nai (The South) from Bronze Age to Iron Age.
These three major cultural centers had close and long mutual relationship, contributed to specific traditional culture of Viet Nam.
It's unity in abundance.
♦ Van Lang Nation
Hung Vuong Museum (Phu Tho Province)
♦ Au Lac Nation
A few centuries later, An Duong Vuong founded the Au Lac Nation in the third century BC.
Records of this nation can be found in the annals written by the Chinese historian, Xi Ma Tin.
Remains of the Co Loa Citadel, which was built during the An Duong Vuong period, can still be seen today.
Co Loa Ancient Citadel (Ha Noi)
♦ Champa Nation
The Pre-Sa Huynh culture evolved in South Central Viet Nam during the Iron Age.
The people of this group lived between Thua Thien and the Dong Nai River Delta.
The Sa Huynh culture was founded by the ancestors of the Cham who founded the Champa Kingdom.
Champa Culture
Chinese domination period (1st century, BC - 10th century, AD)
International visitors to Viet Nam in April and 4 months of 2017
Update: Wednesday, April 26, 2017
Views:
International visitors to Viet Nam in April estimated 1,071,650 arrivals, increasing 6.5% over last month and up 34.0% over the same period last year.
Total international arrivals in 4 months reached 4,284,130 arrivals, increasing 30.3% over the same period last year.
International visitors to Viet Nam in March and 3 months of 2017
Update: Tuesday, March 28, 2017
Views:
International visitors to Viet Nam in March estimated 1,005,821 arrivals, decrease 16.1% over last month and up 21.1% over the same period last year.
Total international arrivals in 3 months reached 3,212,480 arrivals, increase 29.0% over the same period last year.
VNAT to promote Viet Nam’s tourism in China
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) will organize roadshow to promote Viet Nam’s tourism in Nanning, Fuzhou, Nanjing and Hefei cities, China from 11-20 May 2017.
China is one of the most largest source markets in the world.
According to China National Tourism Administration, in 2016, the number of China’s outbound tourists reached 122 million and total consumption reached $109.8 billion.
China is listed in the top leading markets sending tourists to Viet Nam. In 2016, Viet Nam welcomed 2,696,848 Chinese tourist arrivals, increasing by 51.4% over 2015, accounting for 27% of the total number of international tourist arrivals to Viet Nam.
The roadshow in China is part of the national tourism promotion program in 2017.
The roadshow is expected to attract the participation of numerous Chinese travel enterprises and media agencies.
Viet Nam wows international bloggers
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 28 April 2017, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) held a meeting with international bloggers after their trip exploring Ha Noi and Kong: Skull Island’s filming locations in Viet Nam.
Sharing his feeling, German blogger Longin Beznhard said that this trip was absolutely interesting and unexpected for them. They were totally impressed by the fascinating landscapes of Ha Noi, Ninh Binh, Quang Ninh and Quang Binh.
In the coming time, Viet Nam should keep promoting tourism via Hollywood blockbusters.
Speaking at the meeting, Mr.Ngo Hoai Chung – Vice Chairman of VNAT warmly welcomed the international bloggers on their visit to Viet Nam.
He emphasized that Kong: Skull Island brought Viet Nam a golden opportunity to popularize tourism.
He also informed the American director Jordan Vogt-Roberts has officially named Viet Nam’s Tourism Ambassador by the Vietnamese Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
Thanks to the positive influences of the film, tours “Following Kong’s footprint” has become very attractive to travellers within the country and overseas.
He hoped that after this trip the international bloggers would share their experiences about Viet Nam with their friends and international community, which would help further promote Viet Nam to the public and attract more visitors to Viet Nam.
International bloggers visit Kong: Skull Island’s filming locations in Viet Nam
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 22 April 2017, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) organized a welcome party for international bloggers to Viet Nam.
From 22-28 April, the group of 11 bloggers from Germany, France, Italy, Japan, Singapore, Indonesia and Taiwan will visit Ha Noi and some tourist spots in the provinces of Quang Ninh, Ninh Binh and Quang Binh - the filming locations of the blockbuster movie “Kong: Skull Island”.
At the meeting, Mr.Dinh Ngoc Duc - Director of Tourism Marketing Department (VNAT) expressed his pleasure to welcome the bloggers to Viet Nam.
He hoped that they will have a good trip and shared experiences with their friends and international tourists, contributing to promote Viet Nam tourism to the world.
On the first day in Viet Nam, the bloggers visited some famous attractions of Ha Noi such as Ngoc Son Temple, Thang Long Royal Citadel, Temple of Literature and enjoyed specialties as egg coffee, shrimp cake, spring roll...
The bloggers were very impressed with beautiful landscapes and delicious cuisine of Ha Noi.
After Ha Noi, the bloggers will move to Ha Long Bay (in Quang Ninh), Ninh Binh and Quang Binh and come back to Ha Noi on 28 April.
VNAT works with Finnish University Hub Project
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 21 April, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism’s (VNAT’s) Vice Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong had a meeting with Mr.Jouni Ahonen – Vice Rector of Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences (Finland), representative of Finnish University Hub Project.
The Finnish University Hub Project financed by Finnish Government aims at pursuing Viet Nam to set up a training centre which consists of English and Finnish language studies, basic academic studies; besides introduce Finland’s culture and economy.
The project also provides programs in preparation for Vietnamese students coming to Finland for bachelor’s or master’s studies.
Speaking at the meeting, Mr.Jouni Ahonen said they would like to study the demand for tourism occupational training and seek opportunity to cooperate with Viet Nam tourism industry.
Spoke highly of the Finnish University Hub Project in Viet Nam, VNAT’s Vice Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong stressed that Viet Nam always focuses on training high-quality human resource.
Currently, Viet Nam has many tourism training establishments and about 5,000 people involving tourism training activities, including 2,000 lecturers.
Vice Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong informed that Viet Nam is striving to develop tourism into a spearhead economic sector. Hence, there is a high demand for high-quality human resource.
The Project should collaborate with tourism occupational training facilities in Viet Nam to choose potential students for further training, which would help improve quality of tourism working force in Viet Nam.
VNAT’s Chairman Nguyen Van Tuan works with Korea Tourism Organization
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 9 April 2017, Chairman of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT), Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan had a meeting with President of Korea Tourism Organization (KTO), Mr.Jung Chang Soo.
According to Mr.Jung Chang Soo, marking the celebration of 25th Anniversary of Viet Nam – Korea diplomatic ties, various activities will take place in both two countries this year.
Of which, the starting event was the “Korea Days in Ha Noi 2017’’ from April 8-9.
In 2016, there were 1.5 million Korean visitors to Viet Nam and 250,000 Vietnamese visitors to Korea.
The Korea’s tourism sector highly valued tourist potential from Viet Nam and hoped to enhance the bilateral cooperation, Mr.Jung Chang Soo said.
Speaking at the meeting, VNAT’s Chairman Nguyen Van Tuan said that the number of Vietnamese visitors to Korea would increase in the coming time thanks to the effective cooperation between the tourism enterprises of Viet Nam and Korea and the positive influence of Korean cinema.
Chairman Nguyen Van Tuan proposed that Republic of Korea should loosen visa policy for Vietnamese tourists, for example apply visa exemption for Vietnamese tourist clients of some Vietnamese reputable travel agencies.
At the meeting, Chairman Nguyen Van Tuan also informed that Viet Nam received over 10 million int’l visitors in 2016, representing the growth of 26%.
Of the total, Chinese and Korean markets made the largest contribution, accounting for 27% and 15%, respectively.
In the first three months of 2017, the number of Korean visitors to Viet Nam reached 500,000 arrivals, and is expected to reach 2 million this year.
Republic of Korea has been considered as one of the leading tourist markets of Viet Nam tourism. VNAT would continue to strengthen cooperation with KTO in organizing cultural and tourism exchange activities, boost the number of tourists to the two countries.
At the Korea World Travel Fair (KOTFA) due in this June, Viet Nam will organize a series of activities to promote Viet Nam tourism to the Korean public.
VNAT welcomes tourism enterprises from the UK
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 11-16 October 2016, VNAT hosted a famtrip for tourism enterprises from the UK to explore Viet Nam’s tourism destinations and products.
In the famtrip, the delegation arrived in ‘Pearl Island of Phu Quoc’ where they had chance to explore the beauty of natural landscapes; learn about the features of the island with traditional villages, belief and culture of local people through some attractions such as pearl farm, fish sauce factory, Ho Quoc Pagoda - the largest religious building of the island; and visited Phu Quoc Prison – a special national relic.
Leaving Phu Quoc Island, the delegates spent some days in Ha Noi Capital that retained unique old and peaceful charm. They joined the city tour visiting well-known scenic spots including Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, One-pillar Pagoda, the Temple of Literature, the Ethnology Museum, Sword Lake, Ngoc Son Temple; a pedicab ride around the old quarters of Ha Noi; enjoying water puppet show; and visiting Bat Trang pottery village.
VNAT promotes Viet Nam tourism in Melbourne, Australia
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 5 October 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Viet Nam Embassy in Australia and Vietnam Airlines organized roadshow to promote Viet Nam tourism in Melbourne.
Viet Nam tourism potentials, new tourism products and policies, Ha Noi’s attractions, new products of Vietnam Airlines… were introduced to Australian partners.
Australia has been identified as one of the key source markets of Viet Nam tourism with high expenditure and long stay visitors.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed approximately 303 thousand Australian tourist arrivals.
VNAT works with Vietnam Airlines
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 20 September 2016, in Ha Noi, Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan - Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) had a meeting with representatives of Vietnam Airlines (VNA).
Agreed with VNA’s proposal, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan emphasized that China is one of the most important markets of Viet Nam tourism.
In 8 months of 2016, Viet Nam attracted about 1.8 million Chinese tourist arrivals. This number is expected to increase to 2.5 million by end of this year.
This year, VNAT organized roadshows introducing Viet Nam tourism in 3 cities of Tianjin, Guiyang and Guangzhou and will continue to promote Viet Nam tourism in China and welcome a Chinese Famtrip to visit Ha Noi, Hai Phong, Phu Quoc, Mr.Tuan added.
At the meeting, the two sides agreed to work further with Da Nang City and relevant agencies to build plan for organizing the mentioned events.
Viet Nam attends IFTM Top Resa 2016 in France
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From September 20 – 23, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Ha Noi Tourism Department participate in the International French Travel Market (IFTM) Top Resa.
Viet Nam Tourism's booth at the IFTM Top Resa
In 2015, there was 211,636 French arrivals to Viet Nam, being the biggest source market among Western European countries.
In the first 8 months of 2016, Viet Nam received 166,091 French arrivals, increasing 13.4% over the same period last year.
France and 4 other Western European countries (United Kingdom, Germany, Italy and Spain) have enjoyed one-year visa extension approved by the Vietnamese Government since July 1, 2016.
Some photos of activities at the IFTM Top Resa:
VNAT attends the training program on tourism development cooperation in Yunnan Province, China
Update: Friday, September 14, 2016
Views:
(TITC) - In order to enhance tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and China and also further tighten the relationship between the two countries, from 10 to 17 September 2016, the delegation of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) attends the training program on tourism development cooperation in Kunming City, Yunnan Province, China.
Ms. Pham Le Thao - Deputy Director of Travel Department (VNAT) speaking at the opening ceremony of the program
VNAT’s delegation led by Ms.Pham Le Thao – Deputy Director of Travel Department will participate in exchange and training activities on tourism development cooperation, including seminars of “Viet Nam – China tourism cooperation”, “Human resource management in tourism enterprises”, “Overview of Yunnan tourism”, “Multinational tourism cooperation – Rule and policy”, and so on; 
exchange program between tourism enterprise managers and officers of Viet Nam and China; survey trip in some tourist sites in Kunming City, etc.
As the South-western province of China, Yunnan borders Lao Cai and Ha Giang provinces of Viet Nam. Therefore, Yunnan Province is considered as the link of economic corridor between Viet Nam and China.
In many years, China is always the leading market sending visitors to Viet Nam.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed 1.78 million Chinese visitor arrivals.
By the end of August 2016, international visitors to Viet Nam reached about 6.45 million arrivals, of which includes 1.75 million Chinese ones.
Consultation meeting on updating the GMS Tourism Strategy
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 13 September 2016, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Mekong Tourism Coordinating Office (MTCO) organized the Consultation meeting on updating the Greater Mekong Sub-region (GMS) Tourism Strategy.
In his speech, Mr.Ha Van Sieu – Deputy Director General of VNAT appreciated that the Tourism Working Group and MTCO successfully implemented Tourism Strategy 2005-2015.
In 2015, GMS welcomed 57.8 million international tourist arrivals, 5.6 million higher than the planned number of 52.2 million; total tourism receipts reached USD 63.7 billion, increasing by USD 11.3 billion comparing to the target of USD 52.4 billion.
He also emphasized that the revised strategy should take into account development situation, opportunities and challenges of the sub-region; be appropriate with ASEAN tourism development strategy and plan; and encourage the participation of private sector, partner countries, international organizations in implementing GMS Tourism Strategy.
According to Dr.Walter Jamieson – a GMS tourism expert, the draft strategy for the new period includes strategic directions of:
Development of human resource;
Tourism infrastructure development;
Enhancing responsible service and experience;
Implementing creative tourism marketing and promotion campaigns;
Travel facilitation within the sub-region.
At the meeting, the participants discussed the vision, strategic directions, coherence between tourism development strategy of Viet Nam and GMS, involvement of business community and donors in implementing the strategy…
The meetings held in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, Viet Nam and China aim to consult these countries about updating GMS Tourism Strategy 2016-2025.
Promoting tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Japan
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 9 September 2016, Japan Association of Travel Agents (JATA) organized a seminar to promote tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Japan.
In his speech, Mr.Ngo Hoai Chung – Deputy Director General of VNAT emphasized that Viet Nam tourism has identified Japan as one of the key source markets.
In recent years, Japan has ranked in top 5 leading source markets.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed 671,000 Japanese tourist arrivals, up 3.6% over 2014.
In 8 months of 2016, this number reached 482,358, up 12.1% over the same period last year.
The number of Vietnamese tourists to Japan has constantly increased in recent years with 185,000 arrivals in 2015 (+49%) and 122,836 arrivals in 6 months of 2016.
Tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Japan has increasingly been tightened, especially after the approval of joint statement on tourism cooperation between the two countries in 2005 and the establishment of Viet Nam-Japan Tourism Cooperation Committee.
The two sides have supported each other in organizing promotional activities.
Annually, Viet Nam participated in JATA Tourism Expo, holding various workshops and roadshows to promote Viet Nam tourism to Japanese public, welcomed Japanese famtrips and presstrips…
At the seminar, Mr.Chung proposed Japan to waive visa for Vietnamese citizens to boost tourists exchange between the two countries.
Viet Nam has exempted visa for Japanese visitors since 2014.
To strengthen tourism cooperation in the coming time, the two sides should focus on boosting tourists exchange, developing human resources, investment in tourism development, travel facilitation and tourism promotion.
At the seminar, the representative of JATA 
Training course for 4-5 star hotel managers held in Ha Noi
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 13-15 September 2016, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Ha Noi Department of Tourism organized Training course on 4-5 star hotel management skills for 20 hotel managers in Ha Noi.
Mr. Vu Van Thanh - Director of Hotel Department (VNAT) emphasized that the training course aimed to improve knowledge, skills for participants and provided an opportunity for them to share experience in management, training…, in service of increasing demands of tourists.
In the training course, experts from EU-ESRT Project and the participants discussed important skills for management of lobby, room, food and beverage, finance, marketing...
VNAT introduces source markets of North America, Australia and New Zealand
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – In the framework of International Travel Expo 2016 (ITE-HCMC 2016), on 9 September 2016, in Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) organized seminars on outbound tourism markets of North America, Australia and New Zealand.
In his speech, Mr.Ha Van Sieu – Deputy Director General of VNAT emphasized the importance of market research and called for closer cooperation of business community, localities and researchers with VNAT in terms of market research and sharing information for tourism promotion.
At the seminar, the speakers provided useful information about source markets and also recommended solutions to attract more tourists from these markets to Viet Nam in the coming time.
According to Mr.Oliver Martin from Twenty 31 Consulting (Canada), Viet Nam should focus on visa facilitation, enhancement of air connectivity and tourism environment.
Currently, the lack of direct flights between Viet Nam and USA, Canada and few direct flights between Viet Nam and Australia also create barriers to tapping these potential markets.
In 2015, tourist arrivals to Viet Nam from USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand achieved 491 thousand, 105 thousand, 303 thousand and 31 thousand, respectively.
Introducing Viet Nam tourism in China
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 21-28 August 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) organized roadshows introducing Viet Nam tourism in 3 cities of Tianjin, Guiyang and Guangzhou, in China.
The delegation led by Deputy Director General of VNAT, Mr.Ngo Hoai Chung with the attendances of Khanh Hoa Department of Tourism, Vietnamese travel agents, Viet Nam Television and Vietnamese artists.
The first roadshow held in Tianjin City on 22 August attracted about 500 delegates including representatives of Tianjin Municipal Tourism Bureau, the Minister Counselor of the Vietnamese Embassy in China, representatives of Chinese tourism enterprises and media agencies.
Speaking at the roadshow, Deputy Director General Ngo Hoai Chung introduced Viet Nam’s tourism potentials and affirmed Viet Nam’s policies to facilitate travel of tourists and cooperation of tourism enterprises between the two countries.
Tianjin is known as an important port city, connecting more than 10 provinces, cities of China, with its population of over 15 million. In 2015, there were about 1 million tourists from Tianjin travelling abroad, according to the representative of Tianjin Municipal Tourism Bureau.
The air connection between Viet Nam and China has been increasingly expanded, particularly charter flights to Nha Trang, Viet Nam which contributed significantly to growth of tourist exchange.
On 24 and 26 August, VNAT organized two roadshows in Guiyang and Guangzhou cities which had 150 participants from local tourism enterprises and media agencies.
At the events, Guiyang Municipal Tourism Bureau and Guangzhou Tourism Association warmly welcomed the Vietnamese delegations and appreciated Viet Nam’s tourism promotion activities in China.
Chinese has become a key market of Viet Nam tourism with the total visitor number of 1.7 million arrivals in 2015 and 1,752,526 arrivals in the first eight months of 2016.
VNAT is expected to hold the second tourism promotion campaign in China in November.
Viet Nam develops sustainable tourism in the era of climate change
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 17 August 2016, a conference on sustainable tourism development in the era of climate change was held by Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) with the technical support of the Environmentally and Socially Responsible Tourism Capacity Development (ESRT) Program funded by the European Union (EU-ESRT Project).
Speaking at the conference, Deputy Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Ms.Dang Thi Bich Lien 
In Viet Nam, climate change has direct impacts on almost sectors as agriculture, fisheries, tourism, trade, etc, particularly, heritage sites and coastal areas.
According to Mr.Bruno Angelet - Head of EU Delegation to Viet Nam, climate change is a critical issue for Viet Nam.
The EU-funded ESRT Program with its technical assistance has contributed to raising awareness not only of environmental issues, but also of destination management.
VNAT to organize famtrip to Iran
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Viet Nam Embassy in Iran have planned to organize a famtrip to explore Iran tourism in December 2016.
Accordingly, the famtrip delegation will explore Tehran Capital and some surrounding tourist spots in 5-7 days.
Being a Middle Eastern country, Iran is located in West Asia and has its own unique cultural features with population of nearly 80 million people (by July 2013).
Iran is a potential tourism source market for Viet Nam tourism.
This will also be a good opportunity for Viet Nam tourism businesses to lure more visitors from the Middle East and send customers to the countries in this region, vice versa.
Before that, from 26 to 31 May 2016, VNAT, Ha Noi Department of Tourism and Vietravel coordinated to receive Iranian famtrip delegation exploring Viet Nam’s tourism products and services.
The Iranian famtrip delegation visited some destinations in Ha Noi, Ha Long, Hue, Da Nang, Hoi An and Ho Chi Minh City.
VNAT to promote Viet Nam tourism in Australia
Update:
Views:
(TITC) - Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) planned to organize roadshows to promote Vietnam tourism in Sydney and Melbourne cities, Australia from 4 to 9 September 2016.
The roadshows aim to promote Viet Nam’s tourism potential and tourism products to Australian public; provide opportunity for Vietnamese tourism enterprises to seek cooperation with Australian travel agencies, research demand of Australian tourists.
In the framework of the program, VNAT will held such activities as introducing policies, new tourism products and services suitable for Australian market; B2B meeting between businesses of the two sides; traditional music performances…
Being a developed country, Australia boasts the world's 12th largest economy and population of 23.1 million people (2014).
Australia has a diverse culture thanks to the historical immigration.
Australians love to travel and usually choose destinations in Asia - Pacific.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed 303,721 Australian tourist arrivals.
In 7 months of 2016, this number reached 195,711 arrivals, up 6.6% over the same period last year.
VNAT organizes Seminar on promoting Viet Nam – Gifu tourism
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 20 July 2016, the Seminar on promoting Viet Nam – Gifu tourism took place in Gifu, Japan.
The event was organized by Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Bank for Investment and Development of Viet Nam (BIDV) and Gifu Prefecture in order to boost tourism development cooperation between the two sides.
The seminar was presided by Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan – Director General of VNAT.
At the seminar, representatives of cities of Takayama, Gujo, Seki; Shirakawa-go Village – World Heritage Site and JTB tourism enterprise shared experiences in tourism development in relation to the preservation of cultural heritage and traditional craft villages.
In his speech, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan emphasized that these experiences would be very useful for Vietnamese localities in tourism development.
He proposed Gifu and Vietnamese localities to strengthen cooperation to boost tourists exchange between the two sides.
In 2015, the total number of Vietnamese tourists to Japan reached 185,000 arrivals, of which about 2,500 visited Gifu.
Located in the central region of Japan, with the population of 2.5 million
Gifu is endowed with such popular destinations as Gujo City, ancient village of Shirakawa-go, Takayama City…
In recent years, thanks to the support of BIDV, Gifu Prefectural Government has been pushing efforts to seek opportunities for cooperation between Gifu and Vietnamese localities.
At the seminar, representatives of the Vietnamese delegation introduced potentials and products of Viet Nam tourism, preferential policies for investment and also raised the issues to be resolved to improve the efficiency of cooperation and tourism promotion between the two sides.
In 2015, Viet Nam welcomed 671,000 Japanese tourist arrivals, increase 3.6% over 2014.
In six months of 2016, the number of Japanese tourists to Viet Nam reached 356,000 arrivals, up 12.4% over the same period last year.
185,000 Vietnamese tourist arrivals traveled to Japan in 2015, increasing 49% over 2014.
Vietnamese leading tourism enterprises honored
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On the occasion of 56th anniversary of Viet Nam's tourism sector (July 9, 1960-2016), on 09 July, at the Ha Noi Opera House, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Viet Nam Tourism Association (VITA) held a ceremony to announce the winners of 17th Viet Nam Tourism Award.
At the ceremony, 105 Vietnamese leading tourism enterprises were awarded
Director General Nguyen Van Tuan meets Head of Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Ha Noi
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On 4 May 2016, Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT), Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan had a meeting with Head of Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Ha Noi, Mr.Shi Rui Qi.
Highly valueing good relationship between Viet Nam and Taiwan, Mr.Shi Rui Qi indicated that two sides has effectively implemented many cooperation activities in tourism field in terms of investment, promotion, human resource training, information exchange and product development.
Mr. Shi Rui Qi informed that the number of Vietnamese tourists to Taiwan grew by 70 percent since Taiwan piloted preferential visa policy for high-end tour groups from Asian emerging markets, including Viet Nam (from 1 Nov 2015). He also proposed Viet Nam to consider visa facilitation by applying e-visa or visa on arrival to increase Taiwanese tourist arrivals to Viet Nam.
Speaking at the meeting, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan confirmed that travel facilitation has always been one of the priorities in Viet Nam’s tourism policy, including visa procedures.
For fostering tourists exchange between Viet Nam and Taiwan, the two sides should continue to cooperate in expanding air connections between Viet Nam and Taiwan as well as improving air services; organizing tourism promotion activities; raising liability of international tour operators in managing their clients abroad.
In the coming time, Viet Nam will develop quality tourism products in conformity with the taste and demand of Taiwanese tourists at destinations.
VNAT works with Tianjin Municipal Tourism Bureau (China)
Update: Tuesday, April 12, 2016
Views:
(TITC) – On 11 April 2016, in Ha Noi, Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT), Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan had a meeting with the delegation of Tianjin Municipal Tourism Bureau (China) led by Director General Yang Shi Hao.
Tianjin is one of the most developed cities in the North of China with approximately 15 million inhabitants and GDP per capita reaching over USD 17,000.
Tianjin receives attention from visitors due to its culture of Northern China, in harmony with Western ancient architecture.
The city welcomed around 3.2 million international tourist arrivals and 171 million domestic trippers per year; and there were about 1 million Tianjinese citizens travelling abroad per year, of which Viet Nam received above 100,000 arrivals (accounting for one-third of the number of Tianjinese tourists to Southeast Asian destinations).
Mr. Yang Shi Hao informed that Tianjinese in particular and Chinese in general love sea and leisure tourism in Viet Nam, particularly Nha Trang and Da Nang.
Especially, since charter flights from Tianjin to Nha Trang was launched in September 2015, the number of Chinese tourists to Nha Trang has been increasing significantly.
In 2015, there were about 40,000 Tianjinese passengers to Viet Nam by charter flights.
Besides, Tianjin has also become a transit hub for tourists from Beijing, Guangzhou to Viet Nam by charter flights.
Director General Nguyen Van Tuan suggested that beside Nha Trang and Da Nang, Viet Nam has many fascinate destinations namely Ha Long Bay, Son Doong Cave, Phu Quoc Island.
Furthermore, the accommodations in Viet Nam of high quality could meet increasing demand of tourists.
Viet Nam welcomed nearly 8 million international arrivals in 2015, of which the number of the Chinese reached 1.8 million arrivals; and around 2.5 million international tourists in the first 3 months of 2016, including more than 580,000 Chinese arrivals.
Director General Nguyen Van Tuan also supposed that Viet Nam would become a potential source market of Tianjin thanks to its population of over 90 million and the increasing number of high income travellers.
Hence, Tianjin should further promotion efforts to attract Vietnameses.
He emphasized that the two sides should utilize the tourism potentials and advantages to further strengthen tourism cooperation.
In the coming time, the two sides should focus on some issues as: facilitating tourists travelling; boosting tourism promotion through roadshows, travel marts; host famtrips, presstrips…
By the end of this year, VNAT planned to organize a famtrip for leading tourism enterprises and media in Tianjin to Phu Quoc Island with the aim of promoting Phu Quoc as well as Viet Nam’s image to Tianjinese citizens and all Chineses.
Viet Nam, Russia boost tourism cooperation
Update: Saturday, April 16, 2016
Views:
(TITC) - On 15 April, in Ha Noi, conference on tourism development cooperation between Viet Nam – Russia was jointly organized by Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT), Russian Federal Agency for Tourism (FAT) and Viet Nam Tourism Association (VITA).
Speaking at the conference, Director General of VNAT, Mr.Nguyen Van Tuan spoke highly of close cooperation relationship between Viet Nam and Russia for years, particularly in tourism cooperation.
In the 2011-2015 period, the number of Russian tourists to Viet Nam recorded year-on-year growth of 35.6 percent, from over 100,000 arrivals to nearly 340,000 arrivals.
In the first quarter of 2016, Viet Nam received about 110,000 Russian arrivals, up 13 percent over the same period last year.
Russia has become one of top 7 international source markets of Viet Nam.
Recently, tourism infrastructure and facilities in Viet Nam have been improved to meet the increasing demand of tourists.
Accommodation system has been developed in both quality and quantity.
The number of qualified foreign language-speaking tour guides, including Russian-speaking tour guides has increased significantly.
Furthermore, Viet Nam tourism sector is focusing on promoting 4 product types of sea, island tourism, culture tourism, nature tourism, and city tourism.
According to Deputy Head of Russian Federal Agency for Tourism Sergei Korneev, the number of Russians travelling abroad saw a remarkable decrease (-40%) from the end of 2014 to 2015 due to economic difficulties, however, it has rapidly rebounded from the beginning of 2016.
In addition, Russian tourists tend to seek new suitable destinations.
Mr. Sergey Korneev said Viet Nam is known as a safe, attractive destination with tourism products matching with Russian tourists’ taste.
Viet Nam should continue to boost promotion, create proper tourism products with competitive prices, invest in large-scale hotels and full-package services and cooperate with tourism enterprises in Russia in order to attract Russian tourists.
He informed that a representative office of the FAT in Southeast Asia named “Visit Russia” is officially opened in Viet Nam on 14 April (at 49 Hai Ba Trung Street, Ha Noi City).
This is the eighth representative office of the FAT in the world, aiming to introduce Russian tourism products to tourists in Viet Nam and the region.
At the conference, Vice Chaiman of VITA, Mr.Vu The Binh announced that VITA has signed with Phu Yen, Binh Dinh provinces and tourism enterprises to launch some promotional programs for Russian tourists. Besides, VITA will support the FAT to hold promotion activities in Viet Nam; collaborate with Visit Russia to popularize Russian tourism to Vietnamese citizens.
VITA also plans to establish Viet Nam – Russia outbound Club which will gather travel agencies in Viet Nam sending tourists to Russia.
He proposed Russia to simplify the entry-exit procedures to facilitate travelling for Vietnameses.
All delegates highlighted the need of strengthening tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Russia. The both sides should consider to facilitate travelling, simplify entry-exit procedures while raising responsibility of tourism enterprises in managing tourists abroad; create price-competitive tours; diversify tourism products; ensure security and safety of destinations; popularize tourism information; and host famtrips, presstrips...
Award Ceremony of ASEAN Green Hotel and ASEAN Homestay
Update:
Views: 641
(TITC) - In the framework of conference on building Viet Nam tourism’s brand development strategy until 2025, vision to 2030, on April 16th, 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) held a ceremony to award ASEAN Green Hotel and ASEAN Homestay.
ASEAN Green Hotel standard was built by ASEAN member states since 2006 and announced in Thailand in 2008 and Brunei in 2012.
Each ASEAN member state may nominate up to ten hotels to honor this ASEAN Green Hotel Award every year.
ASEAN Homestay standard was built by ASEAN member states since 2011 and announced in 2012.
There are five ASEAN homestay groups awarded every year, including five homestays of each member state for one group.
10 hotels receiving ASEAN Green Hotel Award include: Ben Thanh – Rex, Chains Caravelle, Cuu Long – Majestic, Dong Khoi – Grand;
 Intercontinental Hanoi Westlake, Six Senses Ninh Van Bay, Sheraton Saigon, Equatorial Ho Chi Minh City, Sunrise Nha Trang and Hoang Anh Dat Xanh Dalat Resort.
This is the first year Viet Nam has 3 ASEAN Homestays awarded including Homestay groups awarded in Bac Ha District, Lao Cai Province; 
community based-tourism site in Lac Hamlet, Mai Chau District, Hoa Binh Province and An Bang Seaside Village Homestay, Hoi An City, Quang Nam Province.
For his part, Deputy General Director of VNAT Ha Van Sieu emphasized the value of green - an important factor of sustainable development and a value to build tourism brand.
He highly appriciated the contributions, innovations, experiences and environmental friendly solutions of tourist accommodations which were awarded. He hoped that the award will inspire a new movement for accomodation owners in Viet Nam to improve their standard and competitiveness capacity.
International workshop on “E-marketing in tourism promotion and E-commerce in tourism business”
Update: Friday
Views:
(TITC) – In the framework of VITM Hanoi 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) coordinated with Viet Nam Tourism Association to hold International workshop on “E-marketing in tourism promotion and E-commerce in tourism business”.
The workshop was a chance for tourism managers, experts and enterprises to exchange and share information about e-marketing and e-commerce, modern applications and practical application capacity in the context of the growth of traveling demand and information technology.
According to tourism experts, Viet Nam is one of the safest destinations in the region and has great potential for tourism development.
In the recent years, the e-commerce business in Viet Nam has tended to develop, particularly in tourism sector through booking tours, hotel reservation and purchasing airline tickets online....
Online information is considered as one of significant factors affecting tourist decision.
Therefore, tourism businesses and management agencies should timely catch up with the above trend to adapt with current context.
Speaking at the workshop, Deputy General Director of VNAT Ha Van Sieu highly appreciated experts’ introduction on e-marketing and e-commerce applications.
The development of e-marketing in tourism promotion and e-commerce in tourism business is an important factor to enhance competitive capacity.
He added, VNAT will facilitate tourism businesses and tightly coordinate with int’l organizations to apply these applications into tourism development.
At the workshop, the participants also discussed on the safe transaction through network; financial investment and mobilization for e-marketing in tourism promotion…
VNAT receives Presidential letter of commendation for its contribution to social welfare
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 30 March 2016, at the Presidential Palace in Ha Noi, President Truong Tan Sang met agencies, organizations, businesses and individuals who have significantly contributed to the social welfare in the period 2011-2016.
In attendance was Vice President Nguyen Thi Doan.
VNAT honorably received the Presidential letter of commendation for its positive contribution to poverty reduction through various policies and programs fostering community-based tourism, responsible tourism and improving the quality of life for people in less developed areas.
The President hoped that in the coming time, agencies, organizations, businesses and individuals nationwide continue to strive for a more civilized, just, democratic, and prosperous country.
ASEAN Tourism Committee Meetings 2016 kick off
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On 4 April 2016, the ASEAN Tourism Committee Meetings 2016 was launched in Quang Ninh Province, Viet Nam with the participation of approximately 70 international delegates from national tourism authorities and international organizations in ASEAN region.
From 4-5 April, the meetings took place with two workshops on ”Opportunities, potentials and challenges of implementing the ASEAN Mutual Recognition Arrangement on Tourism Professionals (MRA-TP)” and “Improving the ASEAN tourism competitiveness”.
In the framework of the meetings, on late 4 April, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) hosted a dinner reception to welcome all delegates attending the meetings.
In his speech, Deputy Director General of VNAT.Mr.Ha Van Sieu expressed his delight at the presence of all guests and hoped that the meetings’ outcomes would be soon implemented through concrete cooperation projects on promotion activities, travel facilitation, human resource training and development programs, tourism investment cooperation which contribute to strengthening cultural exchange, mutual understanding, friendship and comprehensive cooperation among ASEAN member countries.
At the dinner reception, the guests had chance to enjoy Vietnamese traditional dances and folk songs – one of the unique features creating the attractiveness of Viet Nam tourism to international tourists.
As scheduled, on 6 April, the delegates will continue to discuss on “ASEAN sustainable and inclusive tourism development” and “ASEAN tourism resourcing, monitoring and evaluation”; and tour Ha Long Bay on 7 April.
VNAT works with Ambassador of Italy in Viet Nam
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On March 29th 2016, Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) Nguyen Van Tuan had a meeting with Ambassador of Italy in Viet Nam, Mrs.Cecilia Piccioni.
At the meeting, Mrs.Cecilia Piccioni informed in the coming time, a delegation of famous Rai Television of Italy will arrive in Viet Nam to make a reportage film about Viet Nam’s tourism, culture, history, and economy as well as the cooperation relationship between the two countries.
The filming will last within 10 days.
This will be a good chance to promote Viet Nam’s beauty and people to Europe and attract more int’l tourist to the country, she added.
For his part, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan highly appreciated the plan of Rai Television and affirmed that VNAT will best support Italian film makers during their trip in Viet Nam.
Mr. Tuan emphasized that Italy is a country of unique cultural quintessence and the two countries have a huge tourist exchange potential.
Therefore, he hoped that Italian Government will ease visa procedures to facilitate Vietnamese tourists visiting Italy and Europe in the future.
VNAT disseminates ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025 and tourism integration related issues
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On 30 March 2016, in Ha Noi, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) organized the conference on dissemination of ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025 and tourism integration related issues.
Overview of the conference
This was a forum for managers, policymakers, experts and businesses to share experiences, identify new opportunities and challenges in the integration process of Viet Nam.
The conference provides practical information for the management, planning and operation of the stakeholders in the sector, especially tourism enterprises.
Deputy Director General of VNAT Ha Van Sieu speaks at the conference
In his opening speech, Deputy Director General of VNAT Ha Van Sieu informed that ASEAN Tourism Ministers officially announced ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025 at ASEAN Tourism Forum (ATF) 2016 in Philippines.
ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025 focuses on developing ASEAN tourism on base of unique values of member countries while ensuring responsibility, sustainability and balance.
He hoped that the participants would fully understand opportunities and challenges in the new context in order to actively integrate into the world’s tourism.
The conference focuses on the contents of ASEAN Tourism Strategic Plan 2016 – 2025; Project for strengthening ASEAN Economic Community integration in the field of tourism; implementation of Mutual Recognition Arrangement on Tourism Professionals (MRA-TP); Viet Nam’s commitments in terms of tourism in the framework of WTO, AEC and Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP). The participants agreed that Viet Nam tourism should continue to enhance cooperation between public and private sectors, promote the active role of the private sector and improve the competitiveness.
Viet Nam promotes tourism in the world’s leading travel trade show ITB Berlin 2016
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 9 – 13 March 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) in collaboration with Viet Nam Tourism Association, localities and businesses participated in ITB Berlin 2016.
ITB Berlin is the largest trade show of the worldwide travel industry which has been organized for 50 years.
The fair attracted the participation of over 185 countries, more than 850 buyers, more than 10,000 exhibitors and more than 115,000 trade visitors.
This year, there were 50 Vietnamese tour operators, hotels and airlines participating in ITB Berlin.
With the area of 200m2, Viet Nam tourism’s booth gathered 28 Vietnamese tour operators and hotels.
Viet Nam tourism’s booth welcomes the presence of Secretary-General of UNWTO Taleb Rifai and Vietnamese Ambassador to Germany Doan Xuan Hung
At ITB Berlin 2016, Viet Nam tourism attracted increased attention of major tourist markets, especially Western Europe.
In particular, media agencies wanted to cooperate with Viet Nam tourism industry in promoting tourism in German market and the world.
German travel agencies wanted to seek information and establish partnerships to bring more German tourists to Viet Nam.
In the framework of the fair, VNAT hold a night cocktail party in order to create opportunities for Vietnamese and international businesses to exchange and expand cooperation.
In attendance were Mr.Taleb Rifai - Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization (UNWTO), Mr.Doan Xuan Hung – Vietnamese Ambassador to Germany, Mr.Jungen Klinke - Member of German Parliament (in charge of the tourism sector in the Committee on Economic Cooperation and Development of German Parliament), representatives of Vietnam Airlines, Viet Nam Tourism Association, tourism businesses and international media.
In his speech at the party, Mr.Taleb Rifai highly valued Viet Nam tourism’s achievements and emphasized that Viet Nam should continue to focus on developing tourism products, human resources and sustainable development projects.
Secretary-General of UNWTO Taleb Rifai visits Viet Nam tourism’s booth
Secretary-General of UNWTO Taleb Rifai speaks at the party
Vietnamese Ambassador to Germany Doan Xuan Hung speaks at the party
Secretary-General of UNWTO Taleb Rifai in an interview
VNAT in collaboration with Vietnam Airlines and Viet Nam Tourism Association also organized a press conference to introduce new tourism products, services and major tourism events in 2016 and 2017.
The press conference attracted nearly 80 German and European tour operators and media agencies, who paid attention to visa policy, international air connectivity, information on English language, marketing campaign, especially e-marketing.
Director General of VNAT Nguyen Van Tuan speaks at the press conference
Participants in the press conference
Besides, Director General of VNAT Nguyen Van Tuan together with Tourism Minister, Ambassadors and leaders of tourism authorities of ASEAN countries launched the campaign of VisitASEAN@50 of ASEAN tourism in response to the 50th Anniversary of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), contributing to the development of ASEAN Economic Community (AEC) officially founded in 2016.
VNAT meets Tourism Authority of Thailand in Viet Nam
Update: Views:
(TITC) – On 10 March 2016, in Ha Noi, Mr.Ha Van Sieu, Deputy Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) had a meeting with Mrs.Napasorn Kakai – Director of Office of Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) in Viet Nam.
At the meeting, Mrs.Napasorn Kakai informed that Thailand Travel Mart Plus (TTM+) 2016 will be held from 8 – 10 June 2016 at Chiang Mai International Convention and Exhibition Center.
The international mart attracts the participation of many countries, focusing on trade and tourism promotion.
Mrs.Napasorn Kakai invited VNAT to attend TTM+ 2016 which provides the opportunity for each country to introduce tourism to media agencies in Thailand.
Mrs.Napasorn Kakai hoped in the coming time, Thailand and Viet Nam will enhance tourism promotion to increase the exchange of tourists between the two countries.
In March, TAT will organize a famtrip delegation, including representatives of 3 Viet Nam's tourism businesses to explore Bangkok, Chiang Mai and Phuket.
In May, Bangkok Airways will open direct flight Bangkok - Da Nang, operating 4 flights per week, which facilitates tourists in the Central of Viet Nam to Bangkok and vice versa.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy General Director Ha Van Sieu appreciated effective contribution of TAT to boosting tourism cooperation between Viet Nam and Thailand.
Viet Nam also strives for attracting more international tourists, including Thai Lan tourists, to Viet Nam.
Mr.Sieu hoped the opening of direct flight Bangkok - Da Nang will enhance tourists exchange between Viet Nam and Thailand.
Besides, the two countries should share information about the promotional plans and activities in order to support each other in participating in tourism events.
On this occasion, Deputy Director General Ha Van Sieu invited Thailand to attend upcoming tourism events in Viet Nam such as VITM Hanoi 2016, the International Tourism Fair of Da Nang 2016, ITE HCMC 2016...
VNAT meets KinderWorld Education Group - Singapore
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On 24 March 2016, in Ha Noi, Mr.Ha Van Sieu, Deputy Director General of Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism had a meeting with Mr.Ricky Tan – Chairman of KinderWorld Education Group, Singapore.
KinderWorld Education Group has been offering high-quality international education in Asia since 1986.
In Viet Nam, KinderWorld has been investing in building ecological complexes Pegasus in some localities such as Vinh Phuc, Thanh Hoa, Da Nang, Binh Dinh... 
Pegasus Investment and Consultancy JSC of KinderWorld Group is providing training programs according to international standards as well as ASEAN and Viet Nam standards, including Viet Nam Tourism Occupational Standards 2013 (VTOS).
At the meeting, Mr.Ricky Tan proposed VNAT to support Pegasus in terms of skills training for Vietnamese tourism employees and participation in human resource development projects of Viet Nam tourism.
Deputy Director General Ha Van Sieu highly valued training capacity and investment projects of KinderWorld Group in Viet Nam.
Sieu assigned Viet Nam Tourism Certification Board (VTCB) to exchange with Pegasus on legal framework in field of training and vocational certification.
In the coming time, VNAT will support Kinderworld Group in human resource training in Viet Nam.
Viet Nam to participate in the largest international tourism exhibition in Russia
Update: Views:
(TITC) – From 23 – 26 March 2016, Viet Nam will participate in the 23rd Moscow International Travel and Tourism (MITT) Exhibition 2016 in the Expocentre in Moscow’s city centre (Russia Federation) with the aim to promote the country’s tourism and seek opportunity to cooperate with international partners.
Attending MITT Exhibition 2016, Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) will collaborate with Vietnam Airlines to build a booth of Viet Nam tourism covering 72m2 with the participation of several localities, tourism associations, tourism enterprises and Vietnamese artists.
In the framework of the exhibition, Viet Nam delegation will organize a series of tourism promotion activities.
Particularly, a press conference held on 23 March 2016 is expected to attract about 100 international tourism enterprises and media agencies.
In addition, VNAT will have meetings with tourism authorities of some nations, Russian tourism association and international tourism businesses.
At the Viet Nam’s booth, many art performances will also take place to introduce Vietnamese culture and arts to visitors.
Held annually in Moscow since 1994, MITT Exhibition attracted the participation of national tourism boards, tourism enterprises from more than 200 countries and territories.
This is the largest tourism exhibition in Russia and considered as one of top 5 events of the tourism industry in the world.
MITT 2016 is a good chance to promote Viet Nam’s image and people to international friends, especially to Russians – an important source market of Viet Nam tourism.
Viet Nam to attend International Tourism Fair ITB Berlin 2016
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – From 9 to 13 March 2016, International Tourism Fair ITB Berlin 2016 will be held at CityCube Berlin Convention Centre (Berlin, Germany).
The Vietnamese delegation led by Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism with some localities, tourism associations, tourism enterprises and artists will attend the event.
ITB is one of the largest tourism fairs in the world.
This is an opportunity for tourism businesses to meet and co-operate and also for visitors to find tours and choose their destinations.
At ITB 2016, with the area of ​​200m², the booth of Viet Nam tourism will be designed under the theme of cultural tourism.
Large images introducing Vietnamese sea and island tourism and natural landscapes will also be displayed.
In the framework of the fair, Viet Nam delegation will hold several events to promote the country's tourism, including night cocktail party on 9 March 2016 with the attendance of Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) and other international partners.
On 10 March 2016, Viet Nam will organize a press conference to introduce destinations and new products, services.
On 11 March 2016, Seminar on Central Coast Viet Nam – New Emerging Destination will be held in order to promote destinations in the Central Coast which is an important region contributing to the attractiveness of Viet Nam’s tourism in recent years, with popular destinations such as Nha Trang (Khanh Hoa), Lang Co (Thua Thien - Hue), Hoi An (Quang Nam), Phan Thiet (Binh Thuan).
Coming to Viet Nam’s booth, visitors will have an opportunity to enjoy performances of traditional ethnic instruments of Viet Nam.
Project on Viet Nam tourism’s brand development strategy
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On Jan 29th, 2016, Tourism Marketing Department (Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism) reported project on Viet Nam tourism’s brand development strategy to 2025, vision 2030.
The project was built on the basis of assessing situation of Viet Nam tourism’s brand and researching the world’s tourism brand development models.
In addition, the project also specified opinions, goals and solutions of Strategy and Master plan on Viet Nam tourism development to 2020, vision 2030 in regards of tourism brand development, which accorded with Viet Nam’s development tendencies.
The project identified tourism development in view of supply and demand sides, which focuses on enhancing competitive capacity.
The project will retain Viet Nam tourism brand identity set and slogan “Vietnam – Timeless Charm”; prioritize to promote 4 fundamental values of Viet Nam tourism (time, commitment, mystery and intensity) and 4 tourist product lines: cultural tourism, marine and island tourism, eco and natural tourism, city tourism).
To develop Viet Nam tourism’s brand, the project drafts out specific goals including: raising awareness and skills; focusing on developing remarkable destinations and tourist areas; identifying and promoting typical brands and images.
About solutions, the project prioritizes tourism promotion along with synchronous and long-term solutions such as: propagandizing and raising people’s awareness; mechanisms, policies and investments for tourism; supporting localities and tourism businesses; enhancing management capacity; strengthening inter-region and interdisciplinary linkages; international cooperation.
In addition, the project also sets up framework of action plans for each stage.
Speaking at the working session, Director General Nguyen Van Tuan highly appreciated result of the project.
He emphasized Viet Nam tourism’s brand development strategy should focus on prioritized solutions such as brand communication; building tourists confidence in Viet Nam tourism; attracting investors.
He also encouraged the engagement of tourism businesses, localities, and relevant sectors to develop Viet Nam tourism.
Round table meeting on coordination of international donors for Viet Nam tourism
Update:
Views:
(TITC) – On Jan, 28th 2016, the Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) with the technical support of EU- ESRT Project held a round table meeting on coordination of international donors for Viet Nam tourism.
According to VNAT’s International Cooperation Department, in the last five years, Viet Nam tourism has gained many remarkable achievements and recorded 7.94 million int’l arrivals and 57 million domestic trippers in 2015.
In the period 2011-2015, the average growth of int’l arrivals and domestic trippers were 5.7%/year and 16.3 %/year, respectively.
Total tourism receipts in 2015 reached VND 337.8 thousand billions contributing 5% of GDP, the average growth over 25%/year.
The above results have exceeded targets set for 2015 in the Viet Nam tourism’s development strategy to 2020, vision 2030.
However, 18,800 tourist accommodations with 355,000 rooms and tourism human resource of 1.78 million employees (including 555,000 tourism direct employees) have not reached the targets of the strategy for 2015.
In the recent years, Viet Nam tourism sector has received strong support of international organizations like the EU, JICA, AECID, Luxembourg, ADB, UNESCO, SNV, ILO, KTO...
to build legal documents and tourism planning; to develop tourist products; to support tourism promotion and human resource training…
Many foreign investment projects have played an important role in supporting Viet Nam tourism development towards sustainability, and high quality, high competitive capacity, contributing to poverty alleviation.
In the coming time, Viet Nam tourism sector expects to receive more int’l supports including:
You depart to Pac Bo Historical Site - where President Ho Chi Minh used to live and work with poetic and charming scenery.
Blue and dreaming stream before the cave gate was named Lenin Stream, by Uncle Ho, next to the majestic mountain Marx Mount.
Continue to visit Kim Dong historical site - which memorizes the heroic martyrs protecting the revolutionary cadres in war time.
Depart to Lang Son.
On the way, you are heard about Chi Lang Gate, Mat Quy Mount.
On arrival check in the hotel.
Have dinner.
In the evening, freely to walk Ky Lua Night Market.
Overnight In Lang Son.
DAY 5: LANG SON - HA NOI (NOI BAI) - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Have breakfast at hotel and check out.
You visit Relics complex of Tam Thanh Cave known as “The most beautiful scene of eight ones in Lang area” given by the nature with many exciting scenes.
Continue to visit Tam Thanh Pagoda, To Thi Mount - The image of petrified woman went into the Vietnamese culture as a profound sympathy and admiration.
Then, you visit Mau Temple - onemajestic ancient temple located on a mountain in the town of Dong Dang.
After lunch, you come back Hanoi, arrive at Noi Bai Airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Northeast of Vietnam: Bac Kan - Ba Be - Cao Bang - Ban Gioc Waterfall - Phat Tich Truc Lam Ban Gioc Pagoda - Lang Son - To Thi Mountain.
Tour code:NDSGN150-027-250718VJ-V.
Departure:25/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Value.
4.7/5 in 359 evaluation 306 126 0.
343 USD.
Seat Availability: 6.
BOOK NOW.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM CITY - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAC KAN (BA BE) (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Upon arrival at the Noi Bai airport, Vietravel's coach shall pick up and take you to Bac Kan - Ba Be.
Upon arrival, check in the hotel and overnight in Ba Be National Park.
DAY 2: BAC KAN - BA BE - CAO BANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
The coach shall take you to a wharf, you get on a boat to visit the Ba Be Lake
the Puong Cave
Continue to Cao Bang, check in and get rest.
Stay overnight in Cao Bang.
DAY 3: CAO BANG - NGUOM NGAO CAVE - BAN GIOC WATERFALL (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After breakfast, you take a coach to visit Ban Gioc Waterfall.
On the way, stop to visit Nguom Ngao Cave, here you can imagine and explore the spectacular features of limestone caves with diversified shapes, characterized by Viet Bac region, as one of the longest and beautiful caves in Vietnam.
the famous Phat Tich Truc Lam.
Back to the hotel to rest.
In the evening, you are free to walk around.
Stay overnight in Cao Bang.
DAY 4: CAO BẰNG - PAC PO HISTORICAL SITE - KIM DONG TOMB - LANG SON (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You depart to Pac Bo Historical Site - where President Ho Chi Minh used to live and work with poetic and charming scenery.
Blue and dreaming stream before the cave gate was named Lenin Stream, by Uncle Ho, next to the majestic mountain Marx Mount.
Continue to visit Kim Dong historical site - which memorizes the heroic martyrs protecting the revolutionary cadres in war time.
Depart to Lang Son.
On the way, you are heard about Chi Lang Gate, Mat Quy Mount.
On arrival check in the hotel.
Have dinner.
In the evening, freely to walk Ky Lua Night Market.
Overnight In Lang Son.
DAY 5: LANG SON - HA NOI (NOI BAI) - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Have breakfast at hotel and check out.
You visit Relics complex of Tam Thanh Cave known as “The most beautiful scene of eight ones in Lang area” given by the nature with many exciting scenes.
Continue to visit Tam Thanh Pagoda, To Thi Mount - The image of petrified woman went into the Vietnamese culture as a profound sympathy and admiration.
Then, you visit Mau Temple - onemajestic ancient temple located on a mountain in the town of Dong Dang.
After lunch, you come back Hanoi, arrive at Noi Bai Airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Mekong Delta: Sa Dec - Can Tho - Ca Mau - Bac Lieu - Soc Trang (Special deal).
Tour code:NDSGN846-551-070718XE-D.
Departure:07/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.59/5 in 374 evaluation 661 126 8.
163 USD.
Seat Availability: 4.
BOOK NOW.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC - SADEC - CAN THO Number of meal: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Tourists gather at Vietravel Company (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC) to visit Tien Giang and have lunch at Meking Rest Stop.
After that, tourists visit Sa Dec and admire My Thuan Bridge - The first suspension bridge in Vietnam, the pride of the people in the Mekong Delta.
When visiting Sa Dec, the group visits Kien An Cung Pagoda - this is an ancient pagoda of the Chinese people built 100 years ago. It has unique architecture, and it is recognized as a national historic relic by Ministry of Culture.
Then tourists visit Huynh Thuy Le Ancient House - a house of a rich man in Sa Dec, who had romance with a Frech female writers, Marguerite Duras, author of “The Lovers” (L’Amant), a famous work made into film.
In the afternoon, tourists visit Can Tho and Phuong Nam Temple - the largest temple in Mekong Delta. Then tourists visit Drum Tower, Campanile and Buddhist ceremony in the Main Hall.
The Temple was built with traditional gracious architecture. Tourists will be impressed with ironwood furnitures and precious wood types brought from South Africa, especially the Buddha statue made from precious cedar wood with diameter of 2m.
Then, the group visits My Khanh Tourist Area - an attractive Ecotourist attraction with fun traditional games such as: fishing, rowing, pig racing, etc., and visits Ancient House.
After having dinner, tourists can freely go for a walk to Ninh Kieu Wharf and enjoy coffee and the cool wind from Hau River, or walk on Ninh Kieu Footbridge - an S-shaped bridge accoss Khai Luong Canal and connecting Ninh Kieu Wharf to Con Cai Khe. The bridge has two lotus statues and LED system controlled by different scenarios, which brings a vivid and modern beauty.
Tourists spend the night in Can Tho.
DAY 2: CAN THO - CA MAU Number of meal: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Tourists visit Ninh Kieu Wharf and have a river tour on Can Tho River to Cai Rang Floating Market - a typical market type in Mekong Delta. Tourists can freely enjoy and buy Western specialties (self-supported).
Tourists have lunch in Bac Lieu.
After the lunch, tourists visit Prince of Bac Lieu House - a house built in 1919, designed by a French engineer. All building materials were brought from France.
After the construction, it was considered as the greatest house in The Six Provinces of Southern Vietnam at that time.
Moreover, the highlight is the anecdote of the golden life of Ba Huy (Tran Trinh Huy) - known as Prince of Bac Lieu.
Tourists arrive Ca Mau and check into the hotel for resting.
In the evening, tourists can freely go for a walk on the night market to enjoy Southern food through specialties such as banh tam ga cay, banh lot ga, bun nuoc leo, etc., 
and admire the center statue or Phan Ngoc Hien Bridge under the attractive color-changing lights.
Tourists spend the night in Ca Mau.
DAY 3: CA MAU - DAT MUI - BAC LIEU Number of meal: 3 meals.
Collapse.
In the morning, tourists visits Nam Can. After arriving the wharf, tourists visit Dat Mui on canoes.
On the way there, tourists can admire Phan Ngoc Hien Statue - a construction in memory of Hon Khoai revolution led by Phan Ngoc Hien.
After arriving Dat Mui, the groups visits Mui Ca Mau Cuture Tourism Park located in the Mui Ca Mau World Biosphere Reverse recognized by UNESCO in May 2009.
Tourists can admire the majestic beauty of vast mangrove forest and the blue sky through the Observatory. Then, the tourists continue to visit National Coordinate Landmark and the Bow.
In the afternoon, the group returns Bac Lieu to visit Tac Say Church (Father Truong Buu Diep Church).
In the evening, tourists can freely go for a walk and enjoy specialties such as sour, spicy and pleasing Turnip Cake or Vietnamese Crepe at longan garden, etc.
Then, tourists spend the night in Bac Lieu.
DAY 4: BAC LIEU - SOC TRANG - HCMC Number of meal: 2 meals (breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Tourists have breakfast and check out from the hotel.
The car drives tourists to visit and take photo at Cao Van Lau Theatre (Conical hat theatre) - the heart of the Square.
Tourists have lunch in Can Tho.
Then the group returns to Ho Chi Minh City. Then Vietravel drives tourists to the gathering point and ends the tour.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC- BAN ME THUOT Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
Tourists gather in Vietravel Company (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC). Depart to Ban Me Thuot.
On the way, admire legendary Truong Son Road (National Highway 14) and call on Dray Nur Waterfall - A beauty sight formed by the combination between Krong No River and Krong A Na that are named Husband river and Wife river by E De and M'Nong ethnic minorities. Dray Nur Waterfall looks like a giant magnificent wall of water in the middle of a sparkling water flower region.
In the evening, free to stroll streets or go sightseeing Trung Nguyen Coffee Village - Coming here, you will be served coffee in three 180 - 200 years old houses brought from Hoi An. The village also has a very nice communal house, coffee leave-shaped houses and an artificial rocky area, where you can buy coffee specialties.
Overnight in Ban Me Thuot.
DAY 2: BAN ME THUOT - PLEIKU Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
Check out, depart to Pleiku. Continue to visit Yaly Hydropower, To Nung Lake 
Visit Minh Thanh Pagoda - as an architectural complex with spirit nature, coming here, besides the feeling of peace, calm, you can also admire bigger portrayed details in the temple than others such as the altar of the Buddha Hall, the small set of bells, the censers.
Overnight in Pleiku.
DAY 3: PLEIKU - BAN ME THUOT Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
After breakfast, check out then depart back to Ban Me Thuot, enjoy lunch. Continue to visit Vietnam Museum of Ethnology - Where stores valuable cultural objects of more than 44 ethnic groups living in Dak Lak and ancient camphor tree dated back 1994.
In the afternoon, you will have the opportunity to experience a wonderful feeling when riding gentle elephants in Don Hamlet (expenses excluded) and admiring majestic landscape of National Yok Don Tropical Forest, sightseeing Serepok River Suspension Bridge, 120 years old House on stilts of Laotians, learn the legend King Hunting Elephants, visit villages of the ethnic minorities: Laotian, Khome, E de, M’Nong, etc..
In the evening, you are free to stroll mountainous streets at night.
DAY 4: BAN ME THUOT - HCMC (Breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Check out hotel: The coach departs to take you back to HCMC.
On arrival in HCMC in the afternoon, say goodbye to you and end the tour.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC- BAN ME THUOT Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
Tourists gather in Vietravel Company (190 Pasteur, District 3, HCMC). Depart to Ban Me Thuot.
On the way, admire legendary Truong Son Road (National Highway 14) and call on Dray Nur Waterfall - A beauty sight formed by the combination between Krong No River and Krong A Na
Overnight in Ban Me Thuot.
DAY 2: VIETNAM CENTRAL HIGHLAND Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
After breakfast, you will have the opportunity to experience a wonderful feeling when riding gentle elephants in Don Hamlet (expenses excluded)
 and admiring majestic landscape of National Yok Don Tropical Forest, sightseeing Serepok River Suspension Bridge, 120 years old House on stilts of Laotians, learn the legend King Hunting Elephants, visit villages of the ethnic minorities: Laotian, Khome, E de, M’Nong, etc.
Continue to visit Khai Doan Pagoda, a fascinating tourist attraction as well as historical and cultural relic of Dac Lac Province and Ban Me Thuot City.
In the afternoon, visit Vietnam Museum of Ethnology - Where stores valuable cultural objects of more than 44 ethnic groups living in Dak Lak.
The coach continues to take you to go sightseeing Trung Nguyen Coffee Village - Coming here, you will be served coffee in three 180 - 200 years old houses brought from Hoi An. The village also has a very nice communal house, coffee leave-shaped houses and an artificial rocky area, where you can buy coffee specialties.
Overnight in Ban Me Thuot.
DAY 3: BEAUTY OF HIGHLAND Breakfast - lunch - dinner.
Collapse.
Enjoy breakfast, then the coach will take you to visit Lak Lake.
In the afternoon, visit Ko Tam Village Resort to exchange and explore the beauty of the cultural traditions, characteristics of Ede indigenous peoples between immense jungle.
DAY 4: BAN ME THUOT - HCMC (Breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
Check out hotel: The coach takes you back to HCMC.
On arrival in HCMC in the afternoon, say goodbye to you and end the tour.
Ninh Chu - Rai Cave - Binh Hung Island (3 Star Hotel).
Tour code:NDSGN560-048-060718XE-V.
Departure:06/07/2018
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Value.
4.64/5 in 368 evaluation 664 126 0.
123 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM - NINH CHU Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You gather at 190 Pasteur, District 3, the tour departs to Ninh Chu.
On the way, visit Ca Na Beach - One of the most beautiful beaches in the Middle region, known as “Sleeping princess” by its pristine beauty.
Continue to explore Cham Poklong Giarai Tower - An unique structure and recognized as a Cham architectural and sculptural relic.
Stay overnight in Ninh Chu.
DAY 2: NINH CHU - BINH HUNG - HANG RAI - BINH LAP - NGOC SUONG Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
After having breakfast, Visit Hang Rai.
Back to Ninh Chu for dinner and free at leisure.
DAY 3; NINH CHU - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Check out and return to Ho Chi Minh City.
Visit Grape Vineyard.
Visit Bau Truc, an old traditional village of Cham.
Here, you can feel the emotion and the mind of the artists in each material, color mixing secrets and patterns of the products.
On the way, stop to buy Phan Rang's specialties such as grape, garlic, etc.
Arriving Ho Chi Minh City in the afternoon, you are taken to the pick-up place.
The tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends.
Southeast of Vietnam: Con Dao (Special deal).
Tour code:NDSGN821-155-110718VN-V.
Departure:11/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Value.
4.65/5 in 365 evaluation 422 126 0.
334 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - CON DAO (Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel Counter, Column 10 at the Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Con Dao
You visit Phu Hai Prison, France - America Cage,
visit Hang Duong Martyrs' Cemetery - Burn incense at the memorial for nearly 2,000 tombs of the patriotic soldiers,
Phi Yen Temple, then visit Van Son Pagoda - The first and unique pagoda in Con Dao.
Stay overnight in Con Dao.
DAY 2: CON DAO (Three meals).
Collapse.
The coach takes you to visit Dam Trau beach - One of the most pristine and beautiful beaches in Con Dao with fine sand, blue sea.
On the way, you stop to burn incense to visit Cau Temple - which worships Prince Cai, the son of Nguyen Anh and Phi Yen.
you visit Ben Dam port
Shark Cape, Love Peak Continuously, you visit Nhat Beach.
Wharf 914.
Stay overnight in Con Dao.
DAY 3: CON DAO - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast).
Collapse.
Con Dao Market.
Take a coach to the Co Ong Airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival in Ho Chi Minh City, say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Nha Trang - Da Lat (3 Star Hotel).
Tour code:NDSGN523-102-070718XE-V-1.
Departure:07/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Value.
4.57/5 in 374 evaluation 695 126 5.
193 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1; HO CHI MINH CITY - NHA TRANG Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City). And depart for Nha Trang.
On the way, visit Ca Na Beach - One of the most beautiful beaches in the Middle region.
From Cam Ranh, the coach will take you on a new road to Nha Trang, to admire the sunset over Nha Trang bay.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 2: NHA TRANG - WHITE SAND DOC LET - VINPEARL LAND Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
In the morning, the coach takes you to visit White Sand Doc Let Resort – Freely swim and play the sea games: Jet skiing, parasailing, waterskiing, windsurfing, etc.
or taste seafood (at your own expense).
In the afternoon, select one of two programs below.
1.Visit Long Son pagoda which is an ancient pagoda with the largest scale among over 20 pagodas in Nha Trang.
2. Vinpearl Land entertainment world (expenses excluded) with such games as: spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, racing, space exploration, or swimming in the sea, swimming in the largest pool in Southeast Asia, etc.
and enjoy modern music performances.
You will, at your own cost, pay for transport back to the hotel.
Stay overnight in Nha Trang.
DAY 3: NHA TRANG – HUONG TRAM AGARWOOD FARM - DA LAT (Breakfast, lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
In the morning, coach takes You to visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center.
depart to Da Lat.
At night, You freely enjoy coffee in the mild air of the mountainous city.
Overnight in Da Lat.
DAY 4: DA LAT - THE FLOWER CITY Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You visit and conquer Langbiang Mountain - The roof of Central Highlands, have the panoramic view of mountain, Dankia lake, Suoi Vang with the meandering rivers seen from above 
(Go to the Mountain by Jeep car as a choice - At your own expense).
Continue to visit Golden Valley - attractive sceneries with the gardens, stone area, bonsai garden or artificial waterfall, etc.
In the afternoon, Bao Dai Private Residence (Dinh III) - The place where the family of final King in the feudal dynasties of Vietnam lived in and worked, is the next destination.
coach takes You to visit the longest Clay-art underground with majestic, impressive sculptures in terracotta recognized in Vietnam Book of Records.
Pay a visit Da Lat Market and buy the local specialties.
Stay overnight in Da Lat.
DAY 5: DA LAT - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
In the morning, you will visit Truc Lam Temple - Get the panoramic view of Tuyen Lam Lake with the beautiful nature, mountains and pine forest in Da Lat, etc.
Continue to visit the Falls Datanla - Here you can conquer the challenge to slide the tube service to visit the falls ( expenses excluded ).
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - La Vang - Phong Nha cave - Hue - Da Nang.
Tour code:NDSGN332-042-150718BL-D.
Departure:15/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.67/5 in 363 evaluation 442 126 0.
290 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them,take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
In the afternoon, you shall take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet.
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 2: DA NANG – BA NA – HUE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), 
enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple,the Fantasy Park
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world.
On arrival in Hue, check in and free at leisure.
In the evening, you are free at leisure or explore Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 3: HUE - LA VANG - PHONG NHA CAVE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land - An important shrine of Vietnamese Catholics in Quang Tri, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Cung Dinh Cave, etc.
Then, depart to Hue at little late, about 08:00 pm.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(Note: In case, you do not visit the Phong Nha Cave, but freely visit and explore Hue on a whole day and self support lunch and dinner, please inform at the time of registration: refund of VND 350,000).
DAY 4: HUE - DA NANG -HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel. Then, take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda-which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Next, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Hue - Thien Duong cave - Cu Lao Cham Island - Hoi An - Ba Na- Da Nang.
Tour code.:NDSGN307-026-150718BL-D.
Departure:15/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
334 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC - HUE Number of meal: 2 (lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
Tourists gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column No.4, Domestic Terminal. Vietravel tour guides will support the Hue flight procedure for tourists.
At Phu Bai - Hue Airport, Vietravel cars and tour guides drive tourists to Tomb of Tu Duc - a place with charming landscape of mountain and river, which is considered as one of the most beautiful designed mausoleums of Nguyen dynasty.
Vietravel’s cars drive tourists to Dai Noi - the old Royal Palace of 13 Nguyen Kings, Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Mieu Temple, Hien Lam Cac Pavilion, Cuu Dinh, etc.
The group continues to visit Thien Mu Pagoda - considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue, which stores lots of precious antiques in terms of history and art.
Tourists spend the night in Hue.
DAY 2: HUE - PARADISE CAVE Number of meal: 3 (breakfast, lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
The group takes early departure to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), and visit Truong Son Martyr’s cemetery on the road.
Paradise Cave - considered as the underground Royal Palace with a beautiful and marvelous limestone cave having a record length of over 30 km.
Tourists spend the night in Quang Binh.
DAY 3: QUANG BINH - LA VANG - LANG CO - DA NANG Number of meal: 3 (breakfast, lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
Tourists take a departure to Hue and visit Quang Tri Ancient Citadel on the way and listen to the tour guide’s introduction of the Demilitarized Zone and Hien Luong Brigde - Ben Hai River (the 17th parallel), then continue to visit La Vang Holy Land.
Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world for photograph before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang.
In the afternoon, the group visits Son Tra Peninsula and Linh Ung Pagoda - This place has the highest Quan Yin Statue of Vietnam (67m).
Standing here, tourists can comprehensively admire the whole view of the city, the mountain and Son Tra Sea.
In the evening, tourists can rest at the hotel. Tourists spend the night in Da Nang.
DAY 4: DA NANG - CU LAO CHAM - HOI AN Number of meal: 3 (breakfast, lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
The cars drive tourists to Cua Dai to begin the island exploration tour. After the canoe arrives Bai Lang, tourists visit Cu Lao Cham Conservation Area, Hai Tang Pagoda, Au Thuyen, etc., 
to learn about the island residents’ lives.
After that, boats bring tourists to Bai Xep to freely snorkel to see coral.
After visiting Bai Ong, tourists can immerse in the blue sea and the white sand beach.
In the afternoon, the canoe brings tourists to the mainland. After that, tourists continue to visit Hoi An Ancient Town: Cau Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Handicraft Facility, etc., 
Then, tourists spend a night in Da Nang.
DAY 5: DA NANG - BA NA - HCMC Number of meal: 2 (breakfast, lunch).
Collapse.
The cars drive tourists to Ba Na - Suoi Mo, after arriving, tourists take the cable car to Ba Namountain peak (self-sufficient), and enjoy the chilly air of “Da Lat in Central Region”, and visit: Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Wine cella, Le Jardin D’Amourgarden, etc. Then, tourist visit the new Spiritual Landmark of Ba Na and Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple Fantasy Park
Then, tourists have lunch.
Vietravel’s cars will drive tourists to Da Nang Airport to catch the flight to HCMC.
Vietravel will say goodbye to tourists and end the tour program at Tan Son Nhat Airport.
Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An - La Vang - Thien Duong Cave - Hue.
Tour code:NDSGN311-023-150718VJ-V.
Departure:15/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Value.
4.6/5 in 375 evaluation 747 126 28.
282 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG - HOI AN Meals: 2 meals (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal. The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang. Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Then,take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
In the afternoon, take a coach to My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet 
(For tours from December to March annually, sea swimming is not included in the program due to cold sea).
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Back to Da Nang Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 2: DA NANG - SON TRA - BA NA - HUE Meals: 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple the Fantasy Park
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 3: HUE - LA VANG HOLY LAND- PARADISE CAVE Meals: 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land, and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Then, return to Hue (rather late at 08:00 pm)
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 4: HUE - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel. Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda-which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Then, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Phu Bai Airport - Hue to catch a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Da Nang - Ba Na - Son Tra - Hoi An - La Vang - Phong Nha cave - Hue - Da Nang.
Tour code:NDSGN332-043-160718BL-D.
Departure:16/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.57/5 in 374 evaluation 670 126 0.
290 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - DA NANG (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 10 - Vietravel's counter, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Da Nang.
Upon arrival in Da Nang Airport, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick up and take you to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, etc.
Them,take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m).
My Khe Beach - one of the most charming beach in the planet.
Next, continue to the Hoi An Ancient Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments, then roam freely on the streets of colorful lanterns and buy souvenirs, test your skills in traditional games such as breaking earthen pot, Bai Choi singing.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 2: DA NANG – BA NA – HUE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel. You take a coach to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central", then visit Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple. the Fantasy Park
Continue to go through Hai Van Tunnel - thelongest tunnel in the Southeast Asia region to Hue, on the way to stop and take photos at Lang Co Bay - one of the most beautiful bays in the world.
On arrival in Hue, check in and free at leisure.
In the evening, you are free at leisure or explore Hue City at night.
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 3: HUE - LA VANG - PHONG NHA CAVE (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After buffet breakfast at the hotel, you shall arrive in Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), on the way, stop to visit the La Vang Holy Land and then visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world, next visit: Bi Ky Cave, Toc Tien Cave, Cung Dinh Cave, etc.
Then, depart to Hue at little late, about 08:00 pm.
Stay overnight in Hue.
(Note: In case, you do not visit the Phong Nha Cave, but freely visit and explore Hue on a whole day and self support lunch and dinner, please inform at the time of registration: refund of VND 350,000).
DAY 4: HUE - DA NANG -HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Eat buffet breakfast at the hotel. Then, take a coach to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Then, take a coach to visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, ...
then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
Then, take a coach to go through the Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang. Next, Vietravel's coach shall take you to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Hue - La Vang - Phong Nha cave and Thien Duong cave - Ba Na - Hoi An - Da Nang.
Tour code:NDSGN301-171-160718VJ-D.
Departure:16/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Deluxe.
4.66/5 in 362 evaluation 577 126 4. 326 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - HUE Meals included: 2 meals (lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 5, Domestic Terminal. Vietravel's tour guide shall support you in procedures to catch a flight to Hue.
At the Phu Bai Airport - Hue, Vietravel's coach and tour guide shall pick you up to visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, 
continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda - which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace 
(Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 2: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record length of more than 30 km.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 3: QUANG BINH - LA VANG - LANG CO - DA NANG Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Continue the journey to Da Nang, stop to visit and take photos at Lang Co - one of the most beautiful bays in the world before going through Hai Van Tunnel to Da Nang City, then check in.
Have dinner. Free at leisure.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 4: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple the Fantasy Park
In the afternoon, the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 5: DA NANG - HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 meals (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m) Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Next, take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Northwest of Vietnam: Nghia Lo - Tu Le - Mu Cang Chai - Yen Bai - Sapa - Dien Bien - Son La - Moc Chau - Happy Land.
Tour code:NDSGN172-060-170718VJ-V.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 6 Days.
4.58/5 in 373 evaluation 649 126 0.
396 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM City - Noi Bai Airport (HANOI) - YEN BAI - NGHIA LO (Including lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
Gathering in Tan Son Nhat International Airport (Domestic Terminal), receiving guidance to fulfill procedure of the flight to Hanoi.
Arriving at Noi Bai International Airport, starting traveling to Yen Bai.
On the way to Yen Bai, visiting:
- Hung King’s Temple: the place to worship the Hung Kings - who are the first founder of the country, the ancestors of the Vietnamese people, a solemn relic complex on Nghia Linh mountain.
Worshiping ancestors, visiting Thuong temple, Trung temple, Ha temple, Gieng Temple, King Hung Tomb.
- In the evening, enjoying Xoe dancing, finding beautiful traditional culture of Thai ethnic.
Spending a night in Nghia Lo.
DAY 2: NGHIA LO - MU CANG CHAI - SAPA (Including breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Collapse.
Checking out, going to Mu Cang Chai, passing by:
- Tu Le, enjoying a faint pleasant smell of “new rice” on the roof, a famous place of sticky rice, dried rice flakes.
- Khau Pha Pass: the most dangerous and longest pass on National Highway 32 which is listed as one of “four longest passes” with the length of over 30 kilometers.
- Lim Mong Village: a village of Mong people with the most beautiful paddles in Mu Cang Chai.
Being ready to get in a stupor for beauty of the famous terraced rice fields in 3 communes: La Pan Tan, Che Cu Nha và Ze Xu Phinh.
Visiting large valleys, corners and rice fields curved and folded along the continuous mountain range.
- In the evening, walking and viewing Stone Church of Sapa, having free time to enjoy highland specialties, such as: Roasted pork, roasted eggs, Docynia wine, chatting with ethnic people.
Spending a night in Sapa.
DAY 3: SAPA - DONG TIEN SON - LAI CHAU (Including breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Collapse.
Starting going to Lai Chau, passing by:.
- Bac Waterfall.
- O Quy Ho Pass: In between Lao Cai and Lai Chau, the pass meandering along Hoang Lien mountain range and also called Sky Gate, one of “four longest passes” in the East of Tay Bac.
- Conquering majestic Fansipan mountain with cable (paid by guest) - named as “the roof of Dong Duong” at the height of 3,143 meters.
Besides, at departure terminal, visiting Trinh Pagoda or wishing wealth and peace to family at Ha Pagoda in departure terminal.
- Tien Son Cave: with marvelous colored veins in various shapes.
The feature is cave bed with a clear stream passing by, meandering along the cave through four seasons.
Spending a night in Lai Chau.
DAY 4: LAI CHAU - DIEN BIEN (Including breakfast, lunch, and dinner).
Collapse.
Starting going to Dien Bien:
- On the way, enjoying the beauty of Tay Bac mountains along Nam Na river and the wetland due to raised water from the damp of Son La Hydropower Plant at the junction of the three rivers including: Da river, Nam Na river and Nam Rom river.
- Dien Bien Phu Museum: Built in 1984 on vacation of 30 years of the historic victory of Dien Bien Phu.
- A1 Hill and Cementary: Visiting A1 Hill, bunker of General de Castries.
Spending a night in Dien Bien.
DAY 5: DIEN BIEN - SON LA - MOC CHAU – HAPPY LAND RESORT (Including breakfast, lunch and dinner).
Collapse.
Starting going to Moc Chau - Son La, visiting:
- Pha Din Pass: Also one of the “four longest passes” in the East of Tay Bac and listed as one of the six most impressive passes in Vietnam.
- Happy Land Moc Chau Resort: Laying in a large valley in Lun village, surrounding with white mountain slopes, and along its downstream there is Sap stream running from Laos with clean and clear water, etc.
All of things create a beautiful and enchanting landscape.
- Moc Chau Tea Plantation: Tea fields along the hills look like greenish terraced rice fields stretching endlessly.
- Specialties produced from famous fresh milk of Moc Chau’s cows, which could be very good as gifts.
Spending a night in Moc Chau.
DAY 6: MOC CHAU – MAI CHAU (LAC VILLAGE) - NOI BAI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (HANOI) (Including breakfast and lunch).
Collapse.
Starting going to Hoa Binh, visiting:
- Lac Village in Mai Chau - Understanding stilt houses, traditions, home stay style of Thai people here.
Taking lunch in Hoa Binh.
Then, going back to Noi Bai International Airport to take a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Saying goodbye and closing the tour at Tan Son Nhat International Airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Fansipan - Yen Tu - Ha Long - Hai Phong ( Special deal ).
Tour code:NDSGN131-012-160718VJ-D.
Departure:16/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 5 Days.
Deluxe.
4.67/5 in 363 evaluation 448 126 2. 352 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
DAY 2: SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
In the afternoon, climb the Ham Rong Mount for sightseeing and photography of Sapa town in fog, visit the blooming orchid garden, the central garden, watch the majestic Mount Fansipan, Heaven Gate, Thach Lam Dragon Head, Cloud Yard.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
DAY 3: SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou", go shopping at Coc Leu market.
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
In the evening, you are free to explore Ha Noi at night.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and find out about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Stay overnight in Halong.
DAY 5: HA LONG - (Cat Bi) HAI PHONG - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Then, visit and explore the magnificence and luxury of the Heaven Palace Cave.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Next, take a coach to the Cat Bi airport (Hai Phong) for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha noi - Lao Cai - Sapa - Fansipan - Yen Tu - Ha Long - Bai Dinh - Trang An.
Tour code:NDSGN183-101-170718VJ-D-1.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 6 Days.
Deluxe.
4.63/5 in 371 evaluation 984 126 8.
405 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH - NOI BAI (HANOI) - LAO CAI - SAPA (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
DAY 2: SA PA – MAJESTIC FANSIPAN - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
In the afternoon, climb the Ham Rong Mount for sightseeing and photography of Sapa town in fog, visit the blooming orchid garden, the central garden, watch the majestic Mount Fansipan, Heaven Gate, Thach Lam Dragon Head, Cloud Yard.
Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
DAY 3: SA PA - LAO CAI - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou".
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HANOI - YEN TU - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Overnight in Halong.
DAY 5: HA LONG - NINH BINH (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the afternoon, take a coach to Ninh Binh.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 6: NINH BINH - TRANG AN - HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Return to Hanoi, then take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Royal City - Bai Dinh Pagoda - Trang An - Yen Tu - Ha Long Bay (Special deal).
Tour code:NDSGN104-026-170718VJ-V.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Value.
4.61/5 in 370 evaluation 1026 126 0.
299 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - (NOI BAI) HANOI - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh.
Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
Ha Noi - Sapa - Ha Long - Ninh Binh - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha Cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An.
Tour code:NDSGN164-023-190718-D.
Departure:19/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 11 Days.
Deluxe.
4.64/5 in 365 evaluation 418 126 0.
907 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - SAPA (Lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
You are present at the Tan Son Nhat Airport, Column 4, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai airport, and then depart to Sa Pa on the modern and longest highway in Vietnam.
Upon arrial in Sapa, check in and free at leisure.
In the afternoon, visit the Ta Van - Lao Chai Village. The road into Ta Van is winding with a side of Muong Hoa valley with fertile terraced fields adorned by the green of maize and rice.
Upon arrival at Ta Van Village, visit the houses of the Mong, Dao, Giay ethnic groups, and surely you will be surprised at the idyllic, rustic beauty .
In the evening, go for a walk and admire Sapa Stone church, then enjoy regional specialties such as: grilled pork, baked eggs, Tao Meo wine (a kind of traditional wine), communication with ethnic people.
Stay overnight in Sapa.
DAY 2: SA PA - LAO CAI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Visit the Silver Falls, O Quy Ho Pass - the boundary between the two provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau winding around Hoang Lien Range, also known as the Heaven Gate.
Here, you can admire the panoramic picture of extremely majestic and impressive northwestern mountains from above.
Take a coach to visit and conquer the majestic Fansipan mountain (expense excluded) - which was named as "Roof of Indochina" with a height of 3.143m.
In addition, at the station of departure, you can visit and make Buddhist ceremony at Trinh Temple or bless fortune, peace for the family at the Ha Temple at the station of arrival.
Besides, during the journey to conquer Fansipan mountain, you have opportunity to look at the ecosystems, Sapa vast mountain scenery beneath, which is also a great and unforgettable experience.
In the afternoon, Return to Lao Cai and check in.
Freedom to explore the city at night.
Stay overnight in Lao Cai.
DAY 3: LAO CAI - HA NOI (3 Meals).
Collapse.
Check out, then visit the border gate of Vietnam - China "Lao Cai - Hekou".
Return to Hanoi and check in.
The coach shall take you to take a stroll around Sword Lake and watch Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HA NOI - YEN TU - HA LONG ( 3 Meals ).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and understand about the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (it is not open for visiting on weekly Mondays and Fridays), Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
Then, visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages - the first University of Vietnam.
Continue the journey to Halong, visit the Yen Tu Mountain (cable car costs excluded) - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda - a large and beautiful pagoda, situated on the halfway 516m in altitude, visit the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Return to Ha Long in the afternoon, check in.
In the evening, take a coach to Bai Chay Bridge and then watch Ha Long City at night.
Stay overnight in Ha Long.
DAY 5: HA NOI - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (3 Meals).
Collapse.
Go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
In the afternoon, take a coach to Ninh Binh.
Stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 6: NINH BINH - HANOI ( 3. meals ).
DAY 7: HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (3 Meals).
Collapse.
visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
visit the Hue Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, 
then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda- which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.Enjoy dinner.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace 
(Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 8: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (3 Meals).
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 9: QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (3 Meals).
Collapse.
on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 10: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden,  Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple. the Fantasy Park.
visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 11: DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA - HCM CITY (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
Take a coach to visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m), equivalent to a 30-floor building. Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in  perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Ha Noi - Ninh Binh - Ha Long - Hue - Thien Duong &amp; Phong Nha cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An.
Tour code:NDSGN161-023-210718-D.
Departure:21/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 9 Days.
Deluxe.
4.65/5 in 364 evaluation 363 126 0.
749 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (Lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Domestic Terminal.
The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh. Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
the Trang An Tourist Site. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave.
stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 2: HA NOI - HA LONG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
depart to Ha Long. Upon arrival at the Ha Long Bay, you will go to the wharf and take a cruise to go sightseeing in Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Ha Long Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Overnight in Ha Long.
DAY 3: HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Take a coach to visit Bai Chay Bridge, the Quang Ninh Museum.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes.
DAY 4: HA NOI - HUE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum, One Pillar Pagoda.
the Temple of Literature.
Overnight in Hue.
DAY 5: HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel. visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, then, 
continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda-which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace 
(Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 6: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km length.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 7: QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Depart to Hue, on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 8: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden, etc. Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple the Fantasy Park.
visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 9: DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA - HCM CITY (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m). Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Ha Noi - Ninh Binh - Ha Long - Pelican Cruise - Hue - Thien Duong and Phong Nha cave - Da Nang - Ba Na - Hoi An.
Tour code:NDSGN162-024-210718-D.
Departure:21/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 9 Days.
Deluxe.
4.65/5 in 366 evaluation 363 126 0.
837 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCM - NOI BAI (HA NOI) - BAI DINH - TRANG AN (Lunch, dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel's counter, column 04 or 10 . Domestic Terminal. The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at Noi Bai Airport, then depart to Ninh Binh. Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple and Khong Palace (Phu Khong), through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave, etc.
stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 2: NINH BINH - HA LONG (3 Meals).
Collapse.
depart to Ha Long. Upon arrival at the Halong Bay, take a canoe to the 4 star Pelican Cruise, enjoy drinks while listen the program and safety measures to ensure the safety on board.
Enjoy a buffet lunch on board and admire the Ha Long Bay scenery, including: Cho Da Island, Ga Choi Island, Dinh Huong Island.
Stay overnight on Pelican Cruise.
DAY 3: HA LONG - BA VANG PAGODA - HANOI (3 meals).
Collapse.
Early in the morning, enjoy the sunrise on board or join Taichi classes (fitness supplements) in the morning, then eat a light breakfast on board.
Then, continue to visit the Sung Sot Cave, one of the most beautiful and famous caves of Ha Long Bay.
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HA NOI - HUE (3 Meals).
Collapse.
DAY 5: HUE - DAI NOI - THIEN MU PAGODA (3 Meals).
Collapse.
Vietravel's coach shall pick you up at the hotel visit the Tomb of Tu Duc - with charming landscapes and to be one of the tombs with the most beautiful architecture of the Nguyen Kings.
Imperial City - the ancient palace of 13 Kings of the Nguyen Dynasty, visit Ngo Mon Gate, Thai Hoa Palace, Purple Forbidden City, The Temple, Hien Lam, Cuu Dinh, 
then, continue to visit the Thien Mu Pagoda-which is considered as the oldest pagoda in Hue and has preserved many valuable artifacts not only in term of history but also in art.
In the evening, you are free to sit down the Dragon Boat to travel on the Perfume River and enjoy Hue songs, drop flower garlands and bless for luck and peace 
(Expenses excluded).
Stay overnight in Hue.
DAY 6: HUE - PHONG NHA CAVE - PARADISE CAVE (3 Meals).
Collapse.
You depart early to Dong Hoi (Quang Binh), stop along the way to visit the Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery.
Then, continue to Phong Nha Cave - which is considered as the "fairyland" by being hidden in the limestone, covered by tropical forests, magnificent cave system with the longest underground river in the world.
Paradise Cave - Viewed as an underground palace, thanks to beautiful and dreamy limestone caves, with a record in the 30 km lengt.
Stay overnight in Quang Binh.
DAY 7: QUANG BINH - LA VANG HOLY LAND - LANG CO - DA NANG (3 Meals).
Collapse.
on the way, stop to visit the Quang Tri ancient citadel, listen to explanation on Demilitarized Zone DMZ and Hien Luong Bridge - Ben Hai River (17th parallel), then continue the journey to the La Vang Holy Land.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 8: DA NANG - BA NA - HOI AN Meals included: 3 meals.
Collapse.
You take a car to visit the Ba Na - Suoi Mo, upon arrival, take the world's longest one-rope cable car to the Ba Na Mountain (cable car expenses excluded), enjoy the chilly air of the "Da Lat in the Central," then free to visit or travel by the hiking train (expenses excluded): Linh Ung Pagoda, Debay Cellars, Le Jardin D'Amour Garden.  Next, you shall go to a new spiritual area of ​​Ba Na to visit the Linh Chua Linh Tu Temple the Fantasy Park.
the coach will take you to visit Hoi An Old Town: Bridge Pagoda, Phung Hung Ancient House, Phuoc Kien Assembly Hall, Crafts establishments.
Stay overnight in Da Nang.
DAY 9: DA NANG - SON TRA PENINSULA (Breakfast, Lunch).
Collapse.
visit the Ngu Hanh Son: Linh Ung Pagoda, Tang Chon Cave, Hoa Nghiem Cave, Non Nuoc Pagoda, Non Nuoc stone carving village.
Continue to take a look around the Son Tra Peninsula, visit the Linh Ung Pagoda - which has a statue of the tallest Guan Yin Buddha statue in Vietnam (67m). Standing here, you will admire the panoramic view of the city, mountain and Son Tra island in a perfect way.
Then, you shall take a coach to the Da Nang airport for a flight bck to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Ha Noi - Bai Dinh - Trang An - Ha Long Bay - Yen Tu.
Tour code:NDSGN101-061-210718VJ-D.
Departure:21/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.68/5 in 360 evaluation 436 126 0.
326 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - HANOI - NINH BINH - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN TOURISM SITE (Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietravel counters, columns 05 at the Domestic Terminal. The tour guide shall make the procedures for you to catch a flight to Hanoi.
You will take a coach to Ninh Binh. Upon arrival, you will visit the Bai Dinh Pagoda - a complex of structures on Bai Dinh Mountain known for Vietnam records such as the pagoda with the largest area, the largest bronze statues, most Arhat Buddha statues.
In the afternoon, visit the Trang An Tourist Site - with natural charming scenery thanks to mountains and waters. Here, you will take a boat to visit the 3 spiritual points Trinh Temple, Tran Temple through the caves as: Dark Cave, Bright Cave, Wine-making Cave, Three-drop Cave.
stay overnight in Ninh Binh.
DAY 2: NINH BÌNH - HA LONG (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
check out and depart to Ha Long. Upon arrival at the Ha Long Bay. In the afternoon, you will take a cruise on Ha Long Bay - a beautiful natural and extremely vivid scene, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
From the cruise, you can watch the islands in Halong Bay, including: Ga Choi Island, Lu Huong Island, etc.
Overnight in Halong.
DAY 3: HA LONG – YEN TU - HANOI (Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Visit Bai Chay Bridge, the Quang Ninh Museum.
the Yen Tu Mountain - a natural attraction that was preserved with many historical sites and is known as "the land of Buddhism in Vietnam".
Then, visit the Hoa Yen Pagoda, the Hue Quang Tower (Thap To).
Depart to Hanoi, and stop at Hai Duong to buy local specialties on the way to Hanoi: green bean cake, sweet short cakes, etc.
stay overnight in Hanoi.
DAY 4: HANOI - HO CHI MINH CITY (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
You will take a coach to travel around Hoan Kiem Lake to watch the Turtle Tower, Ngoc Son Temple, The Huc Bridge.
Continue to visit and explore the life and work of the father of the nation at the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum: Uncle Ho's Stilt House, Ho Chi Minh Museum,One Pillar Pagoda.
visit the Temple of Literature - where worships the Confucius and the Confucian sages.
Then, you take a coach to Noi Bai airport for a flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
Say goodbye to you and end the tour at Tan Son Nhat airport.
North of Vietnam: Ha Noi - Cruise - Bai Dinh - Trang An - Sung Sot Cave - Titop Island.
Tour code:NDSGN102-026-210718VN-D.
Departure:21/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 4 Days.
Deluxe.
4.69/5 in 359 evaluation 508 126 0.
409 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HO CHI MINH CITY - (NOI BAI) HANOI - NINH BINH - BAI DINH PAGODA - TRANG AN HERITAGE ((Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
Phan Thiet (Resort 3 star).
Tour code:NDSGN551-035-170718XE-V.
Departure:17/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Value.
4.47/5 in 391 evaluation 1013 126 1. 132 USD.
Seat Availability: 5.
BOOK NOW.
125 USD.
Seat Availability: 5.
REGISTERING AND PAYING ONLINE.
Discount 7 USD/pax.
TOUR PROGRAM.
DAY 1: HCMC - MUI NE Meals included: 3.
Collapse.
You gather at Vietravel (190 Pasteur, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City) to depart to Phan Thiet.
Stay overnight in Mui Ne. .
Nha Trang Vinpearl Resort 5 Star.
Tour code:NDSGN500-037-180718VJ-D-9.
Departure:18/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Deluxe.
4.66/5 in 365 evaluation 485 126 0.
378 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.
DAY 1: HCMC - CAM RANH - NHA TRANG – I RESORT Meals included: 2 meals (Lunch, Dinner).
Collapse.
Gather at column no.04 (Vietjat Air) or column no.10 (Vietnam Airlines/ Jetstar Pacific), Domestic Station - Tan Son Nhat Airport to catch the flight to Cam Ranh - Khanh Hoa.
When arriving, the coach will take you to visit and relax at I-Resort Hot Mineral Spring Center - With quiet space and green trees, appearing as a natural picture characterizing Vietnam, I-Resort is surrounded by majestic mountains by the charming Cai river with uniquely romantic scenery of mountain and water, which will provide you with new life experiences through the unique mineral bathing services creating comfortable and relaxing feelings.
Then check in Vinpearl Resort 5 star. Stay overnight in Vinpearl.
DAY 2: NHA TRANG - VINPEARL RESORT 5* Meals included: 3 (Breakfast – Lunch - Dinner).
Collapse.
After buffet breakfast at the Vinpearl, You can relax at the beach or enjoy the facilities of the resort.
You can also come and enjoy Vinpearl Land Entertainment Paradise (expenses included) - Built on an area of nearly 200,000m2, consisting of various world-class, modern and unique works with the longest over-the-sea cable car system in the world; you can freely shop in the shopping street of over 6,000m2 large, have fun in the water park with a lot of exciting thrilling games and you can participate in outdoor games such as: Spinning acrobatics, carousel horse, gliding, Vinpearl Water park with nearly 300 species of sea creatures and 90m underwater tunnel...
In addition you can enjoy the unique modern water dance performances with music typical of many cultures around the world and live laser effects….
Stay overnight in Vinpearl.
DAY 3: NHA TRANG – HO CHI MINH CITY Meals included: 2 (Breakfast - Lunch).
Collapse.
Continue to visit and buy specialties at Dam Market.
Then, go to Cam Ranh airport for flight to Ho Chi Minh City.
On arrival, the tour guide says goodbye to you and the tour ends at Tan Son Nhat airport.
Nha Trang - Tam Island - White Sand Doc Let - Hot Spring Iresort - Vinpearl Land (Hotel 3 stars).
Tour code:NDSGN504-024-190718VJ-V.
Departure:19/07/2018 
Other days.
Place of departure:Ho Chi Minh City
Duration: 3 Days.
Value.
4.61/5 in 373 evaluation 614 126 6. 202 USD.
Seat Availability: 0.
FULL.
TOUR PROGRAM.
Vietravel.